--- 
layout: post
title: Acclimating to Island Life
redirects: 
- /node/390
- /personal/travel/fire-island/acclimating-island-life
tags: 
- Oz
- Gogo
- Fire Island
description: Gogo, Oz, and I are in day 4 of our week out on the island. David and Rodrigo joined us on the first night and day, then our friends Kevin and Jeff came for the next two days. I really appreciated the company, because it took me a while to adjust to island life. Also, I like their company.
---
Gogo, Oz, and I are in day 4 of our week out on the island.

David and Rodrigo joined us on the first night and day, then our friends Kevin and Jeff came for the next two days. I really appreciated the company, because it took me a while to adjust to island life. Also, I like their company.

The cell phone reception in the house is spotty, there's no land line for phone, and there's no internet connection in the house. It's kind of a blessing because it gives me the isolation that I wanted, but I have to admit that it's a little more isolated than I was expecting.

The first couple of days, the dogs were a bit on edge. They didn't sleep so well because they were growling at all the strange noises. Every time they hit the beach they ran around and played non-stop. Last night was a shift: they slept thorugh the night, didn't wake me up, and when we walked on the beach, they primarily just trotted along. I think they finally got their "crazies" out.

So we've finished the phase of the vacation that's fun, running on the beach, walking to the pines, being social, etc. Now we're relaxed and ready to get some reading and writing done.

It's odd that it really takes a while for one's head to unclench and enjoy the lack of responsibility and schedule.
