--- 
layout: post
title: 4 Nights in Fire Island
redirects: 
- /node/464
- /personal/travel/fire-island/4-nights-fire-island
photoset: 72157606367971032
tags: 
- Fire Island
- friends
- iPhone
images: 
- thumbnail: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3207/2706000767_1142f25859_m.jpg
  fullsize: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3207/2706000767_1142f25859_b.jpg
description: The past two years, I've rented a place on Fire Island for a week - specifically, in Cherry Grove. Previously, I had taken the pups out, got a 2 bedroom unit, and attempted to get work or writing done.
---
The past two years, I've rented a place on Fire Island for a week - specifically, in Cherry Grove. Previously, I had taken the pups out, got a 2 bedroom unit, and attempted to get work or writing done.

This year, I decided to bag the trip to Cherry Grove for a few reasons: finances were tight, we had a lot of travel this year, the dogs kind of drive me crazy out there, I never got any writing done, etc. On 4th of July weekend, it all of a sudden hit me that I'm supposed to be walking on the beach with the sand between my toes and the surf running over my ankles. I went on craigslist and found a <a href="http://www.bauhausfireisland.com/index.htm" target="_blank">studio apartment on the bay</a> for only during the week for a reasonable rate. No pets allowed - so sorry puppies, you have to stay with David.

I scheduled it to coincide with a trip that Kevin and Jeff were making to Bellport (a 15 minute drive from the Cherry Grove ferries). They were staying for a few days at the house of Kevin's doctor who had graciously offered them his house for some needed R&R. I spent the first day and night with them, then we all went to Cherry Grove together the next day where I stayed for the rest of the week.

Looking back on it, I can't really tell you what I did. Without any puppies or a phone that could get reception I slept. A lot. Pretty much every activity was followed with a half hour nap.

And actually got some writing done! A few times every day, I sat down to the computer and plotted out a script. 

In the evenings, I usually went to eat at a restaurant on the ocean and then to one of the bars for a drink or two before bed. 

I think I could have stayed a whole additional week. I did miss David quite a bit, and the puppies, of course. 

FYI - These photos are the first ones to be taken with my new iPhone. Not bad for a camera phone, I think.

<!-- [flickr-photoset:id=72157606367971032] -->
