--- 
layout: post
title: Out at Buck's Lake
series: 
  name: A Trip to Yuba City for Kellie & Paul's Wedding
  index: 81
redirects: 
- /node/449
- /personal/blog/family/out-bucks-lake
photoset: 72157605719996138
tags: 
- family
- Yuba City
images: 
- thumbnail: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3137/2595280096_c14898d33d_m.jpg
  fullsize: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3137/2595280096_c14898d33d_b.jpg
description: We drove almost directly from the Sacramento airport to Buck's Lake. It's about 45 minutes from Sacramento to Yuba City and then another 2 hours to Buck's Lake.
---
We drove almost directly from the Sacramento airport to Buck's Lake. It's about 45 minutes from Sacramento to Yuba City and then another 2 hours to Buck's Lake. 

It did not occur to me to call David while in Yuba City. It wasn't until I got to Buck's Lake that I realized there was no internet or cell phone reception. Yikes! At first, I thought I'd be fine with the break. It turns out that I was wrong. During the second day at Buck's Lake I took my iPod Touch for a walk around the lake until I found internet access to poach. I must have looked quite out of place with my sunglasses, Kenneth Cole jacket, and iPod sitting on a stump and sending email.

Buck's Lake is beautiful. The cabin has been in the family for a long time - my mom played in the lake when she was a child. Her first honeymoon was in the cabin.

Over the years, my uncle Parke has significantly altered the cabin: he rotated it 90 degrees to get a better view, he's expanded it both out the sides and on top.

The first night and day we had Aunt Catherine, Uncle George, and Uncle Parke as company. We built a fire at night and gave Lorenz his first s'mores. His face was smeared with chocolate and marshmallow in no time. 

The next night, Uncle Chris arrived with Dad. We had a great visit. It's a good place to unwind and talk.

Lorenz was unfortunately not so comfortable there. We had a hard time getting him to relax and go to sleep. At one point, Sis and I took him out on the boat. There must have been something about the rumble of the motor, because he went out like a light as soon as we got out in the water. Sis and I put a blanket over him so he didn't burn and had a nice slow circle around the lake. 

We took Lorenz out another time and he stayed awake. This time I took the boat fast, which scared him at first. In no time, he was asking to go faster.

<!-- [flickr-photoset:id=72157605719996138] -->
