--- 
layout: post
title: "A Trip to Ithaca: Part 2"
redirects: 
- /node/528
- /personal/travel/ithaca-ny/trip-ithaca-part-2
photoset: 72157607063353120
tags: 
- family
- Ithaca, NY
images: 
- thumbnail: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3076/2819334867_c47bb9056c_m.jpg
  fullsize: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3076/2819334867_c47bb9056c_b.jpg
description: So...I was just in Ithaca. But Mom flew out pretty much right after I left to help take care of Lorenz. It would have been a shame that Mom had traveled all that way and we wouldn't have been able to see each other - so I packed a bag and drove to Ithaca again. At least this time I knew the scenic road to take. And since David wasn't with me this time, I could crank up the music and shout/sing to my heart's content.
---
So...I was just in Ithaca. But Mom flew out pretty much right after I left to help take care of Lorenz. It would have been a shame that Mom had traveled all that way and we wouldn't have been able to see each other - so I packed a bag and drove to Ithaca again. At least this time I knew the scenic road to take. And since David wasn't with me this time, I could crank up the music and shout/sing to my heart's content.

A lot of time was spent just hanging out at the house. The second day I was there, Mom and Lorenz and I drove around Cayuga lake, stopping at wineries and other local sites. It was stunningly beautiful. At one stop, Lorenz saw a necklace with wine corks and fake grapes. He went <em>bonkers</em> for that necklace. I tried to take some photos, but they didn't capture his squealing glee and ecstasy that came from the necklace. We almost bought it. We decided for 8 bucks, it was worth the entertainment value. But he lost interest in about 30 seconds so we skipped it.


On the morning of the day I left, we all went to the Ithaca Farmer's Market. There was a ton of fresh produce, some homemade pastries (like apple-poppy seed strudel), musicians and all sorts of modern hippie goodness. Honestly, Ithaca is the sort of town I think I could settle into.

<!-- [flickr-photoset:id=72157607063353120] -->
