--- 
layout: post
title: Kellie & Paul's Wedding
series: 
  name: A Trip to Yuba City for Kellie & Paul's Wedding
  index: 77
redirects: 
- /node/453
- /personal/blog/family/kellie-pauls-wedding
photoset: 72157605725782373
tags: 
- family
- Yuba City
images: 
- thumbnail: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3054/2594512243_9a65118ebb_m.jpg
  fullsize: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3054/2594512243_9a65118ebb_b.jpg
description: "And now for the big event: Kellie & Paul's Wedding!\r\rThe big debate leading up to the wedding was \"Who's Wearing a Tie?\". Well, shockingly few men wore a tie. Or not so shocking, considering the Everetts. I was one of the few wearing a tie. I had a nice linen suit for summer events, so I figured it would be silly not to wear it to an event in Yuba City. And I wasn't going to schlep a suit all the way to California and not wear the whole enchilada."
---
And now for the big event: Kellie & Paul's Wedding!

The big debate leading up to the wedding was "Who's Wearing a Tie?". Well, shockingly few men wore a tie. Or not so shocking, considering the Everetts. I was one of the few wearing a tie. I had a nice linen suit for summer events, so I figured it would be silly not to wear it to an event in Yuba City. And I wasn't going to schlep a suit all the way to California and not wear the whole enchilada. 

I guess I looked the part of a New Yorker, because several people said to me "Coming to Yuba City from New York must be a big culture shock!" Did I have a wide-eyed blank stare of fear and confusion? I hope not. 

The wedding was beautiful. And thankfully the ceremony was not overly long because linen suits do not "breathe" as much as advertised and it was a typical Yuba City day of pounding sun with not a cloud in the sky.

It was a great reception. There's never quite enough time to connect with cousins and catch-up. I keep thinking there will come a day when I'll finally get to sit down and hear what people have been doing with their lives, but before you know it, another 5-10 years have passed by.

<!-- [flickr-photoset:id=72157605725782373] -->
