--- 
layout: post
title: The Hotel is Really, Really Nice
redirects: 
- /node/690
- /china/hotel-really-really-nice
tags: 
- travel
- China
description: So...David and I had a nice flight to China. It went by really quickly for some reason. I'm sure that being in business class helped. And now it's 1am, we're settled into our hotel, and we're wide awake.We're staying the Hilton Beijing Wangfujing. We had some problems getting here. Specifically, the taxi driver had no idea where it was and didn't speak English. The Google maps that we had printed up helped marginally. Pointing and shouting "zhe ge" also helped.
---
So...David and I had a nice flight to China. It went by really quickly for some reason. I'm sure that being in business class helped. And now it's 1am, we're settled into our hotel, and we're wide awake.

We're staying the Hilton Beijing Wangfujing. We had some problems getting here. Specifically, the taxi driver had no idea where it was and didn't speak English. The Google maps that we had printed up helped marginally. Pointing and shouting "zhe ge" also helped.

The hotel is possibly the fanciest place I've ever stayed. We got upgraded to a suite. I wouldn't be surprised to find out that there aren't that many people staying here. 

The room is full of mirrors and glass panels. I can't tell when I'm walking into a new space or when I'm about to crash into a mirrored wall. They had three tiers of sweets on the coffee table: chocolates, chocolate covered cherries, and macaroons. They offered to have someone come to the room to massage our legs (I don't even want to know if that was code for something). But the pièce de résistance is that they had a teddy bear on the bed waiting for us. A TEDDY BEAR! I'm tempted to see if there's a "read me a bed-time story" service.

And of course, the usual social networking rules apply in China: no Facebook, no Twitter, no ping.fm. So my little site will have to handle all those duties for me. 
