--- 
id: 790499637_198606061288
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: &id001 |-
  One issue ago, I was legitimately scared of the approaching new Batman villain: The Flamingo. We didn't know much about him other than he's a reckless bio-engineered assassin gone rogue. He eats female model's faces. Now he's been revealed and um...well...I think the image speaks for itself. 
  
  I have no idea what to expect anymore.
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQC9M-XSFK0kpt9o&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.toplessrobot.com%2Fbnr06_cvr%2520tr.jpg
link: http://www.toplessrobot.com/2009/10/enter_the_flamingo.php
name: Topless Robot - Enter... the Flamingo!
caption: www.toplessrobot.com
description: *id001
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yN/x/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/198606061288
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/198606061288
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  networks: ""
  allow: ""
  deny: "116609519637"
type: link
status_type: shared_story
created_time: 2009-10-30T14:43:42+0000
updated_time: 2009-10-30T15:09:28+0000
comments: 
  data: 
  - id: 790499637_198606061288_6665360
    from: 
      name: Thomas Sproat
      id: "573477249"
    message: So the question is - who will play "The Flamingo" in the movie version?
    created_time: 2009-10-30T15:09:28+0000
  count: 1
layout: status-link
title: Friday, Oct 30, 2009 around 10:43AM
link-info: HOLY SHIT I THINK BATMAN'S GOING TO FIGHT THE LOVE-CHILD OF PRINCE AND FREDDIE MERCURY.
date: 2009-10-30 10:43:42 -04:00

---
One issue ago, I was legitimately scared of the approaching new Batman villain: The Flamingo. We didn't know much about him other than he's a reckless bio-engineered assassin gone rogue. He eats female model's faces. Now he's been revealed and um...well...I think the image speaks for itself. 

I have no idea what to expect anymore.
