--- 
id: 790499637_103680499368
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: I took the Marvel superhero quiz and it gave me Spider-Man. Close, but not really. The X-Men quiz was dead-on, though, as long as you're talking about the Beast from the 70's and 80's - who was always the smartest, funniest, and coolest guy in the room.
picture: http://platform.ak.fbcdn.net/www/app_full_proxy.php?app=63251413317&v=1&size=z&cksum=79c7cb7d0f02a55ceb021de4f5a17345&src=http%3A%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fquizmonster_production%2Ficons%2F931676%2FX-Men_pic_Good.jpg
link: http://apps.facebook.com/whichofthexmenareyou/quiz/questions?quiz_metric%5Bactivated_at%5D=1242511463&quiz_metric%5Bclicked_attribute%5D=feeds_clicked
description: I took the Marvel superhero quiz and it gave me Spider-Man. Close, but not really. The X-Men quiz was dead-on, though, as long as you're talking about the Beast from the 70's and 80's - who was always the smartest, funniest, and coolest guy in the room.
icon: http://photos-g.ak.fbcdn.net/photos-ak-snc7/v43/225/63251413317/app_2_63251413317_9807.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/103680499368
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/103680499368
privacy: 
  value: ""
type: link
status_type: app_created_story
application: 
  name: Which of the X men are you?
  namespace: whichofthexmenareyou
  id: "63251413317"
created_time: 2009-05-17T16:19:24+0000
updated_time: 2009-05-17T16:19:24+0000
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: status-link
title: Sunday, May 17, 2009 around 12:19PM
link-info: Keith completed the quiz "Which of the X men are you?" with the result Beast.Obviously the intellectual superior of those around you, you suffer through their foolish pranks as they attempt to maintain something called 'cool'.  Your vermilitude is astounding as you combombulate the serrondipidus paradigm of your existence, while fools look on.  Course it's easy to be the smartest when you can't get a date.  Shame you're blue and furry really..
date: 2009-05-17 12:19:24 -04:00

---
I took the Marvel superhero quiz and it gave me Spider-Man. Close, but not really. The X-Men quiz was dead-on, though, as long as you're talking about the Beast from the 70's and 80's - who was always the smartest, funniest, and coolest guy in the room.
