--- 
id: 790499637_164613839715
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: A friend sent me this link. It's highlights from a 1962 textbook called "When You Marry." It includes bigoted teachings on race and gender and has a healthy dose of eugenics! And it has cartoons.
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQBS8rjE8Toa4k2B&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcontexts.org%2Fsocimages%2Ffiles%2F2009%2F10%2Fbook-1-346x500.jpg
link: http://contexts.org/socimages/2009/10/21/when-you-marry-1962-textbook/
name: "\xE2\x80\x9CWhen You Marry\xE2\x80\x9D: 1962 Textbook \xC2\xBB Sociological Images"
caption: contexts.org
description: A friend sent me this link. It's highlights from a 1962 textbook called "When You Marry." It includes bigoted teachings on race and gender and has a healthy dose of eugenics! And it has cartoons.
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yN/x/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/164613839715
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/164613839715
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  networks: ""
  allow: ""
  deny: "116609519637"
type: link
status_type: shared_story
created_time: 2009-10-28T11:47:42+0000
updated_time: 2009-10-28T11:47:42+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Rosemary Feneziani
    id: "573541002"
  count: 1
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: status-link
title: Wednesday, Oct 28, 2009 around 07:47AM
link-info: Sociological Images encourages people to exercise and develop their sociological imaginations with discussions of compelling visuals that span the breadth of sociological inquiry.
date: 2009-10-28 07:47:42 -04:00

---
A friend sent me this link. It's highlights from a 1962 textbook called "When You Marry." It includes bigoted teachings on race and gender and has a healthy dose of eugenics! And it has cartoons.
