--- 
id: 790499637_167387443302078
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: "Please do not ever say that I'm hard to shop for. I just found out what I want for Christmas, birthday, or any other flimsy reason to get me a gift: Pornographic latch hook pillow kits. Models V.3 and V.4 would go well with my office, in fact."
link: http://www.dirtypillowz.net/
name: DIRTYPILLOWZ.NET- Tasteful Adult Crafts
caption: www.dirtypillowz.net
description: "Please do not ever say that I'm hard to shop for. I just found out what I want for Christmas, birthday, or any other flimsy reason to get me a gift: Pornographic latch hook pillow kits. Models V.3 and V.4 would go well with my office, in fact."
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yN/x/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/167387443302078
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/167387443302078
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  networks: ""
  allow: ""
  deny: "116609519637"
type: link
status_type: shared_story
created_time: 2010-11-27T00:49:11+0000
updated_time: 2010-11-27T04:38:54+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Rosemary Feneziani
    id: "573541002"
  - name: Renee Kent
    id: "531319519"
  - name: Thomas Sproat
    id: "573477249"
  - name: Sara Holoubek
    id: "659585353"
  count: 4
comments: 
  data: 
  - id: 790499637_167387443302078_1979477
    from: 
      name: Robb Bloom
      id: "1095747683"
    message: Oh my god... THIS is your follow-up to knitting? It must be the jet lag...
    created_time: 2010-11-27T04:38:54+0000
  count: 1
layout: status-link
title: Friday, Nov 26, 2010 around 07:49PM
link-info: Dirty Pillowz is the perfect site for lovers of 70's Crafts and 70's Porn. We create tasteful Adult-Themed latch hook kits. Hot n' Crafty!
date: 2010-11-26 19:49:11 -05:00

---
Please do not ever say that I'm hard to shop for. I just found out what I want for Christmas, birthday, or any other flimsy reason to get me a gift: Pornographic latch hook pillow kits. Models V.3 and V.4 would go well with my office, in fact.
