--- 
id: 790499637_163532796993892
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: This is an excellent Monday morning time-killer (though I dislike both super hero movie trailers). Why are the horror movie trailers all so good? I remember seeing them as a kid and getting nightmares.
link: http://www.avclub.com/articles/comingattraction-attractions-24-movie-trailers-tha,45589/1/
name: "Coming-attraction attractions: 24 movie trailers that function as standalone works of art"
caption: www.avclub.com
description: This is an excellent Monday morning time-killer (though I dislike both super hero movie trailers). Why are the horror movie trailers all so good? I remember seeing them as a kid and getting nightmares.
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yN/x/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/163532796993892
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/163532796993892
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  networks: ""
  allow: ""
  deny: "116609519637"
type: link
status_type: shared_story
application: 
  name: Links
  id: "2309869772"
created_time: 2010-09-27T15:40:55+0000
updated_time: 2010-09-27T15:40:55+0000
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: status-link
title: Monday, Sep 27, 2010 around 11:40AM
link-info: The A.V. Club's weekly list.
date: 2010-09-27 11:40:55 -04:00

---
This is an excellent Monday morning time-killer (though I dislike both super hero movie trailers). Why are the horror movie trailers all so good? I remember seeing them as a kid and getting nightmares.
