--- 
id: 790499637_120786974638330
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: This video perfectly captures my own Facebook experience. I sit in a white room, turn a giant fan on, and look provocatively at the computer screen. Ah....Facebook. Facebook.
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQCRgnJEvnb3VB6Q&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcache-01.gawkerassets.com%2Fassets%2Fimages%2F7%2F2010%2F08%2Ffrzgez2syfc.jpg
link: http://gawker.com/5622300/this-turkish-music-video-about-facebook-is-better-than-the-social-network
name: This Turkish Music Video About Facebook Is Better Than The Social Network
caption: gawker.com
description: This video perfectly captures my own Facebook experience. I sit in a white room, turn a giant fan on, and look provocatively at the computer screen. Ah....Facebook. Facebook.
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yN/x/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/120786974638330
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/120786974638330
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  networks: ""
  allow: ""
  deny: "116609519637"
type: link
status_type: shared_story
application: 
  name: Share_bookmarklet
  id: "5085647995"
created_time: 2010-08-26T16:09:43+0000
updated_time: 2010-08-27T04:51:00+0000
comments: 
  data: 
  - id: 790499637_120786974638330_568606
    from: 
      name: Debbie Glass
      id: "1613911702"
    message: There is a lot of windy hair in this video.
    created_time: 2010-08-27T04:51:00+0000
  count: 1
layout: status-link
title: Thursday, Aug 26, 2010 around 12:09PM
link-info: Yeah, yeah, everyone wants to see David Fincher's Facebook movie The Social Network but will it really be better than this music video for the Turkish song "Facebook"? Even with the coke and tits, I doubt it. [via]
date: 2010-08-26 12:09:43 -04:00

---
This video perfectly captures my own Facebook experience. I sit in a white room, turn a giant fan on, and look provocatively at the computer screen. Ah....Facebook. Facebook.
