--- 
id: 790499637_224242054276385
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: I've heard a fair amount of friends say that the Transformers movies are just mindless fun and I should stop rolling my eyes. But I just don't think Hollywood produces mindless fun. And this article explains it better that any other I've found.
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQA_bwNEqGw9lc0p&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffilmfreakcentral.net%2Fscreenreviews%2Ftransformers3.jpg
link: http://filmfreakcentral.net/screenreviews/transformers3.htm
name: "Transformers: Dark of the Moon"
caption: filmfreakcentral.net
description: I've heard a fair amount of friends say that the Transformers movies are just mindless fun and I should stop rolling my eyes. But I just don't think Hollywood produces mindless fun. And this article explains it better that any other I've found.
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yD/r/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/224242054276385
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/224242054276385
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  deny: "116609519637"
type: link
created_time: 2011-07-02T10:38:19+0000
updated_time: 2011-07-02T10:38:19+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: David L Steele
    id: "1407655463"
  - name: Robert Lucas
    id: "100000816082478"
  count: 2
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: facebook-link
title: Saturday, Jul  2, 2011 - 06:38AM
link-info: It starts, maybe, with the moment Frances McDormand, as an NSA bigwig, declares that evil alien robot Decepticons should pass through customs. No--earlier, when noble alien robot Autobots infiltrate some nameless Arab state to murder Arabs. It might begin when fucking asshole Michael Bay does a long
date: 2011-07-02 06:38:19 -04:00

---
I've heard a fair amount of friends say that the Transformers movies are just mindless fun and I should stop rolling my eyes. But I just don't think Hollywood produces mindless fun. And this article explains it better that any other I've found.
