--- 
id: 790499637_269585936429745
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: Well...I went from trying to severe my dependency on Amazon to now totally boycotting them. It's a shame. They used to be about making a great product. Now they're just about squashing all competition.
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQCssHHJpHXBSaZg&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcache.gawker.com%2Fassets%2Fimages%2F7%2F2011%2F12%2Ffb_e946a4bd99f502d849cf9ab0404c7888.jpg
link: http://gawker.com/5871636/partner-accuses-amazon-of-being-totally-evil
name: Partner Accuses Amazon of Being Totally Evil
caption: gawker.com
description: Well...I went from trying to severe my dependency on Amazon to now totally boycotting them. It's a shame. They used to be about making a great product. Now they're just about squashing all competition.
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yD/r/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/269585936429745
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/269585936429745
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  deny: "116609519637"
type: link
application: 
  name: Share_bookmarklet
  id: "5085647995"
created_time: 2011-12-28T21:19:26+0000
updated_time: 2011-12-28T21:19:26+0000
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: facebook-link
title: Wednesday, Dec 28, 2011 - 04:19PM
link-info: After launching an electronic assault on local shops and abusing sick and pregnant warehouse workers, Amazon.com has been sued for ripping off and royally screwing over in every other possible way a partner that made Kindle cases.
date: 2011-12-28 16:19:26 -05:00

---
Well...I went from trying to severe my dependency on Amazon to now totally boycotting them. It's a shame. They used to be about making a great product. Now they're just about squashing all competition.
