--- 
id: 790499637_165986843498620
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: No more Ken Russel. How sad. If you want to see a truly beyond bizarre film, try to get your hands on an uncensored copy of The Devils. Vanessa Redgrave and Oliver Reed make it worth your time. And the sets by Derek Jarman help, too.
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQBVZ1jDcdtlIrH7&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgraphics8.nytimes.com%2Fimages%2F2011%2F11%2F29%2Farts%2F29russell_1%2F29russell_1-thumbStandard.jpg
link: http://www.nytimes.com/2011/11/29/arts/ken-russell-controversial-director-dies-at-84.html
name: Ken Russell, Controversial Director, Dies at 84
caption: www.nytimes.com
description: No more Ken Russel. How sad. If you want to see a truly beyond bizarre film, try to get your hands on an uncensored copy of The Devils. Vanessa Redgrave and Oliver Reed make it worth your time. And the sets by Derek Jarman help, too.
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yD/r/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/165986843498620
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/165986843498620
privacy: 
  description: Public
  value: EVERYONE
type: link
created_time: 2011-11-28T21:49:01+0000
updated_time: 2011-11-28T21:49:01+0000
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: facebook-link
title: Monday, Nov 28, 2011 - 04:49PM
link-info: A polarizing figure who delighted in breaching the limits of propriety and cinematic good taste, Mr. Russell courted controversy through much of his career.
date: 2011-11-28 16:49:01 -05:00

---
No more Ken Russel. How sad. If you want to see a truly beyond bizarre film, try to get your hands on an uncensored copy of The Devils. Vanessa Redgrave and Oliver Reed make it worth your time. And the sets by Derek Jarman help, too.
