--- 
id: 790499637_233727556698917
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: I used to use GMail on the web, but I realized I was constantly distracted by checking the page with GMail. So I started using Apple Mail and liked it better than I thought I would. But I kept going back and forth between the two because GMail's interface is so rich and Apple's is so spartan. Then I read this article, gave Sparrow a try, and now I think it's the mail client that Goldilocks would have picked. Simple, rich, and unobtrusive.
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQAmv5D85utTvndt&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcache.lifehacker.com%2Fassets%2Fimages%2F17%2F2011%2F12%2Ffb_e4f3be86018dcfcd324498691af58027.jpg
link: http://lifehacker.com/5868170/updated-the-best-email-client-for-mac
name: "Updated: The Best Email Client for Mac"
caption: lifehacker.com
description: I used to use GMail on the web, but I realized I was constantly distracted by checking the page with GMail. So I started using Apple Mail and liked it better than I thought I would. But I kept going back and forth between the two because GMail's interface is so rich and Apple's is so spartan. Then I read this article, gave Sparrow a try, and now I think it's the mail client that Goldilocks would have picked. Simple, rich, and unobtrusive.
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yD/r/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/233727556698917
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/233727556698917
privacy: 
  description: Public
  value: EVERYONE
type: link
application: 
  name: Share_bookmarklet
  id: "5085647995"
created_time: 2011-12-16T15:59:30+0000
updated_time: 2011-12-16T17:41:40+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Ben Hirby
    id: "571302296"
  count: 1
comments: 
  data: 
  - id: 790499637_233727556698917_2041680
    from: 
      name: Thomas Sproat
      id: "573477249"
    message: "Will check this out....I use Mail now to combine work (Exchange) and personal (.mac and Gmail)...pretty handy but not optimal. "
    created_time: 2011-12-16T17:41:40+0000
  count: 1
layout: facebook-link
title: Friday, Dec 16, 2011 - 10:59AM
link-info: When first choosing the best email client on the Mac, we went with the pricey MailMate knowing that someday Sparrow would mature into a contender that could take its place.
date: 2011-12-16 10:59:30 -05:00

---
I used to use GMail on the web, but I realized I was constantly distracted by checking the page with GMail. So I started using Apple Mail and liked it better than I thought I would. But I kept going back and forth between the two because GMail's interface is so rich and Apple's is so spartan. Then I read this article, gave Sparrow a try, and now I think it's the mail client that Goldilocks would have picked. Simple, rich, and unobtrusive.
