--- 
id: 790499637_174663705903215
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: "As much as I love the look of the iPhone 4, I need more organics in my life. So I got a bamboo cover from Grove Made. It's gorgeous and exactly what I wanted. It came with a 20%-off coupon. If anyone wants it, let me know. "
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQBvCn8_iRr26v7A&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcdn.shopify.com%2Fs%2Ffiles%2F1%2F0041%2F0802%2Fproducts%2Famber_junichi_1_medium.png%3F1291684242
link: http://www.grovemade.com/collections/iphone-4-case-artist-series/products/japanesque-iphone4
name: Japanesque (i4) by Stubborn Sideburn | Grove Made - Laser Engraved Bamboo iPhone 4 Cases
caption: www.grovemade.com
description: "As much as I love the look of the iPhone 4, I need more organics in my life. So I got a bamboo cover from Grove Made. It's gorgeous and exactly what I wanted. It came with a 20%-off coupon. If anyone wants it, let me know. "
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yN/x/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/174663705903215
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/174663705903215
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  networks: ""
  allow: ""
  deny: "116609519637"
type: link
status_type: shared_story
created_time: 2011-01-07T23:18:34+0000
updated_time: 2011-01-07T23:18:34+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Jay Forsyth
    id: "718958430"
  count: 1
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: status-link
title: Friday, Jan  7, 2011 around 06:18PM
link-info: "Japanesque (i4) \xE2\x80\x94              Junichi Tsuneoka aka Stubborn Sideburn           Seattle, WA            Junichi was born and raised in Japan and upon graduating Wased..."
date: 2011-01-07 18:18:34 -05:00

---
As much as I love the look of the iPhone 4, I need more organics in my life. So I got a bamboo cover from Grove Made. It's gorgeous and exactly what I wanted. It came with a 20%-off coupon. If anyone wants it, let me know. 
