--- 
id: 790499637_10150412010894638
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: Yesterday was my first visit to a Communist leader's mausoleum. We went to see Ho Chi Minh and it was awesome. The guards told David to take off his hat. When I whispered something to David they told me to be silent. And finally, they told David to uncross his arms and hold them at his sides. The room itself had 8 guards beautifully placed, unmoving, and with perfect posture.
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/10150412010894638
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/10150412010894638
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  deny: "116609519637"
type: status
application: 
  name: Facebook for iPhone
  id: "6628568379"
created_time: 2011-08-21T22:03:32+0000
updated_time: 2011-08-21T23:24:24+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Charlotte Hertander
    id: "577154539"
  - name: David G Zak
    id: "1443246852"
  - name: Parizad Motiwala O'Donnell
    id: "1386266174"
  count: 3
comments: 
  data: 
  - id: 790499637_10150412010894638_20880719
    from: 
      name: Linda Rosenson Coe
      id: "1440111516"
    message: Some people are more powerful in death than others who are still alive!
    created_time: 2011-08-21T23:24:24+0000
  count: 1
layout: facebook-status
title: Sunday, Aug 21, 2011 - 06:03PM
description: Yesterday was my first visit to a Communist leader's mausoleum. We went to see Ho Chi Minh and it was awesome. The guards told David to take off his hat. When I whispered something to David they told me to be silent. And finally, they told David to uncross his arms and hold them at his sides. The room itself had 8 guards beautifully placed, unmoving, and with perfect posture.
date: 2011-08-21 18:03:32 -04:00

---
Yesterday was my first visit to a Communist leader's mausoleum. We went to see Ho Chi Minh and it was awesome. The guards told David to take off his hat. When I whispered something to David they told me to be silent. And finally, they told David to uncross his arms and hold them at his sides. The room itself had 8 guards beautifully placed, unmoving, and with perfect posture.
