--- 
id: 790499637_196779080363359
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: I discovered the art of Peepshi (sushi made out of peeps) one day after Easter. Damn! This on my must-do list for next year.
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQDoLLSXNUCuaHCa&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seriouseats.com%2Frecipes%2F22100331-peepshi6.jpg
link: http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2010/03/peeps-recipes-how-to-make-peepshi-sushi-rice-krispies-treats-easter.html
name: "How to Make Peepshi = Peeps Sushi | Serious Eats : Recipes"
caption: www.seriouseats.com
description: I discovered the art of Peepshi (sushi made out of peeps) one day after Easter. Damn! This on my must-do list for next year.
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yN/x/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/196779080363359
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/196779080363359
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  networks: ""
  allow: ""
  deny: "116609519637"
type: link
status_type: shared_story
application: 
  name: Share_bookmarklet
  id: "5085647995"
created_time: 2011-04-25T18:03:48+0000
updated_time: 2011-04-25T18:03:48+0000
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: status-link
title: Monday, Apr 25, 2011 around 02:03PM
link-info: "[Photographs: Robyn Lee] Looking to expand your Peeps palate this Easter Sunday? There's no place like Serious Eats to satisfy all your sugar-encrusted marshmallow needs and desires. Continuing in the grand Peeps Week tradition, here's our offering for any occasion..."
date: 2011-04-25 14:03:48 -04:00

---
I discovered the art of Peepshi (sushi made out of peeps) one day after Easter. Damn! This on my must-do list for next year.
