--- 
id: 790499637_169791053117865
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: So...I was going to post a link to Os Mutantes "Vida de Cachorro", because the world does not have enough Os Mutantes playing. I stumbled across this video which does not show off the song, but YANKED my hearts strings out. Now I'm off to smothering Gogo and Oz in hugs.
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQDP73DBEr0wykpi&w=130&h=130&url=http%3A%2F%2Fi3.ytimg.com%2Fvi%2FV7KSnq2J4Z0%2Fhqdefault.jpg
link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7KSnq2J4Z0&feature=related
source: http://www.youtube.com/v/V7KSnq2J4Z0?version=3&autohide=1&autoplay=1
name: Vida de Cachorro
description: So...I was going to post a link to Os Mutantes "Vida de Cachorro", because the world does not have enough Os Mutantes playing. I stumbled across this video which does not show off the song, but YANKED my hearts strings out. Now I'm off to smothering Gogo and Oz in hugs.
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yj/r/v2OnaTyTQZE.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/169791053117865
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/169791053117865
privacy: 
  description: Public
  value: EVERYONE
type: video
created_time: 2011-11-22T00:21:55+0000
updated_time: 2011-11-22T02:24:57+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Rosemary Feneziani
    id: "573541002"
  count: 1
comments: 
  data: 
  - id: 790499637_169791053117865_618020
    from: 
      name: Rosemary Feneziani
      id: "573541002"
    message: oh keith.....how beautiful. Off to smother my bubs now x
    created_time: 2011-11-22T02:24:57+0000
  count: 1
layout: facebook-video
title: Monday, Nov 21, 2011 - 07:21PM
link-info: videozito q fiz da cria da minha doguita labrador, pekenenhos, lendenhus, adoooooooooooro!!!
date: 2011-11-21 19:21:55 -05:00

---
So...I was going to post a link to Os Mutantes "Vida de Cachorro", because the world does not have enough Os Mutantes playing. I stumbled across this video which does not show off the song, but YANKED my hearts strings out. Now I'm off to smothering Gogo and Oz in hugs.
