--- 
id: 790499637_191506784206965
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: "Two Things: This further confirms how much I love James Franco. And secondly, can we get a 24 hour news channel run by middle school students? Their first question was so much better than anything an adult would have come up with."
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQA7JM-jj17rx7Ux&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.npr.org%2Fblogs%2Fmonkeysee%2F90_holmes_linda.jpg
link: http://www.npr.org/blogs/monkeysee/2011/02/10/133629395/james-franco-recites-byron-to-the-worlds-luckiest-middle-school-journalist
name: "James Franco Recites Byron To The World's Luckiest Middle-School Journalist : Monkey See : NPR"
caption: www.npr.org
description: "Two Things: This further confirms how much I love James Franco. And secondly, can we get a 24 hour news channel run by middle school students? Their first question was so much better than anything an adult would have come up with."
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yN/x/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/191506784206965
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/191506784206965
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  networks: ""
  allow: ""
  deny: "116609519637"
type: link
status_type: shared_story
application: 
  name: Share_bookmarklet
  id: "5085647995"
created_time: 2011-02-12T12:11:58+0000
updated_time: 2011-02-12T12:11:58+0000
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: status-link
title: Saturday, Feb 12, 2011 around 07:11AM
link-info: When you're looking for an interview with James Franco and you're in middle school, the way you imagine it in your dreams is that it turns out like it did for two young journalists captured here on tape.
date: 2011-02-12 07:11:58 -05:00

---
Two Things: This further confirms how much I love James Franco. And secondly, can we get a 24 hour news channel run by middle school students? Their first question was so much better than anything an adult would have come up with.
