--- 
id: 790499637_204031186351837
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: "I read this from a friend's post and enjoyed the article. Then I read the comments (both on the article itself and the Facebook comments on the friend's post) and it turns out that some (many?) people HATE this article. I found it honest but ultimately kind-hearted. I genuinely don't understand why people are so upset. Out of all of my single friends that claim they want to get married, I can put them in at least one of her 6 buckets. "
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQA4pXVZP24gdzfx&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fi.huffpost.com%2Fgen%2F162032%2Fthumbs%2Fs-RELATIONSHIP-ADVICE-large.jpg
link: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/tracy-mcmillan/why-youre-not-married_b_822088.html?ref=fb&src=sp&comm_ref=false
name: Why You're Not Married
caption: www.huffingtonpost.com
description: "I read this from a friend's post and enjoyed the article. Then I read the comments (both on the article itself and the Facebook comments on the friend's post) and it turns out that some (many?) people HATE this article. I found it honest but ultimately kind-hearted. I genuinely don't understand why people are so upset. Out of all of my single friends that claim they want to get married, I can put them in at least one of her 6 buckets. "
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yN/x/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/204031186351837
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/204031186351837
privacy: 
  description: Public
  value: EVERYONE
  friends: ""
  networks: ""
  allow: ""
  deny: ""
type: link
status_type: shared_story
application: 
  name: Links
  id: "2309869772"
created_time: 2011-12-20T19:53:26+0000
updated_time: 2011-12-20T22:32:49+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Josefa Steinhauer
    id: "1393922880"
  - name: Andrea Miklasz
    id: "629554115"
  count: 2
comments: 
  data: 
  - id: 790499637_204031186351837_1147023
    from: 
      name: Andrea Miklasz
      id: "629554115"
    message: I liked this article a lot. I take issue with the statement she makes that "Motherhood has a way of weeding out the lotharios," because I haven't found that to be largely true as of yet in my sparse yet 4-year dating career post-divorce. The man I dated for 3 1/2 years resented the fact that I had a child and wanted to spend time with Luke, for that took away attention from him. But he had Narcissistic Personality Disorder anyway...I identified with a couple of the buckets in the article anyway, Keith...
    created_time: 2011-12-20T20:39:00+0000
  - id: 790499637_204031186351837_1147609
    from: 
      name: Renee Kent
      id: "531319519"
    message: I loved that article.  And Andrea - reading what you just wrote, I would say that motherhood DID weed out someone who wasn't a good partner for you.  A man who is worthy of being a partner of a single mom and a good step parent understands that children need attention and isn't resentful.  Good weeding. :-)
    created_time: 2011-12-20T22:27:35+0000
    likes: 1
  - id: 790499637_204031186351837_1147626
    from: 
      name: Andrea Miklasz
      id: "629554115"
    message: Thanks, Renee. I take comfort in that!
    created_time: 2011-12-20T22:32:49+0000
  count: 3
layout: status-link
title: Tuesday, Dec 20, 2011 around 02:53PM
link-info: If you're having sex outside committed relationships, you will have to stop.  Why?  Because past a certain age, casual sex is like recreational heroin -- it doesn't stay recreational for long.
date: 2011-12-20 14:53:26 -05:00

---
I read this from a friend's post and enjoyed the article. Then I read the comments (both on the article itself and the Facebook comments on the friend's post) and it turns out that some (many?) people HATE this article. I found it honest but ultimately kind-hearted. I genuinely don't understand why people are so upset. Out of all of my single friends that claim they want to get married, I can put them in at least one of her 6 buckets. 
