--- 
id: 790499637_124283290992343
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: Boo to RSC for skinning a real rabbit on stage for entertainment. And boo to Gawker for bad logic. I'm glad they cut the scene. However, it made for some hilarious Gawker comments (be sure to click "All" in the comments).
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQCnh2ilN7Cc12-J&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffastcache.gawkerassets.com%2Fassets%2Fimages%2F7%2F2011%2F07%2Ffb_0706_rabbit.jpg
link: http://gawker.com/5818664/new-york-audiences-too-wimpy-for-rabbit-skinning-on-stage
name: New York Audiences Too Wimpy for Rabbit Skinning on Stage
caption: gawker.com
description: Boo to RSC for skinning a real rabbit on stage for entertainment. And boo to Gawker for bad logic. I'm glad they cut the scene. However, it made for some hilarious Gawker comments (be sure to click "All" in the comments).
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v1/yD/r/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/124283290992343
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/124283290992343
privacy: 
  description: "Friends Only; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  deny: "116609519637"
type: link
created_time: 2011-07-06T23:29:17+0000
updated_time: 2011-07-06T23:29:17+0000
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: facebook-link
title: Wednesday, Jul  6, 2011 - 07:29PM
date: 2011-07-06 19:29:17 -04:00

---
Boo to RSC for skinning a real rabbit on stage for entertainment. And boo to Gawker for bad logic. I'm glad they cut the scene. However, it made for some hilarious Gawker comments (be sure to click "All" in the comments).
