--- 
id: 790499637_10150423291999638
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: Yes, I'm looking forward to being home - seeing my dogs, my friends, my house ...being able to eat fresh salads again without fear of getting sick. But part of me is pouting. I have never been so spoiled in my life as the past 2.5 weeks. I feel like a kid on the last day of summer.
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/10150423291999638
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/10150423291999638
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  deny: "116609519637"
type: status
application: 
  name: Mobile
  id: "2915120374"
created_time: 2011-09-01T08:33:52+0000
updated_time: 2011-09-01T08:33:52+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Thomas Rogers
    id: "538628386"
  - name: Charlotte Hertander
    id: "577154539"
  - name: Matthew Shields
    id: "729111833"
  count: 5
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: facebook-status
title: Thursday, Sep  1, 2011 - 04:33AM
description: Yes, I'm looking forward to being home - seeing my dogs, my friends, my house ...being able to eat fresh salads again without fear of getting sick. But part of me is pouting. I have never been so spoiled in my life as the past 2.5 weeks. I feel like a kid on the last day of summer.
date: 2011-09-01 04:33:52 -04:00

---
Yes, I'm looking forward to being home - seeing my dogs, my friends, my house ...being able to eat fresh salads again without fear of getting sick. But part of me is pouting. I have never been so spoiled in my life as the past 2.5 weeks. I feel like a kid on the last day of summer.
