--- 
id: 790499637_107013289382827
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: "It's so good to know as one gets older that there are still undiscovered gems from my youth. Last night I saw \"Phantom of the Paradise\" which definitely qualifies. It is Brian de Palma at his most reckless and fun. The movie stars Paul Williams as an evil music producer. It really must be seen to be believed. Here's a taste... "
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQANU8S9rccBeipt&w=130&h=130&url=http%3A%2F%2Fi.ytimg.com%2Fvi%2F8a6NcbjML1c%2F3.jpg
link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8a6NcbjML1c&feature=related
source: http://www.youtube.com/v/8a6NcbjML1c&fs=1?autoplay=1
name: Phantom of the Paradise Hell of It music video
description: "It's so good to know as one gets older that there are still undiscovered gems from my youth. Last night I saw \"Phantom of the Paradise\" which definitely qualifies. It is Brian de Palma at his most reckless and fun. The movie stars Paul Williams as an evil music producer. It really must be seen to be believed. Here's a taste... "
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yj/r/v2OnaTyTQZE.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/107013289382827
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/107013289382827
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  deny: "116609519637"
type: video
created_time: 2011-04-10T15:46:03+0000
updated_time: 2011-04-10T15:46:03+0000
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: facebook-video
title: Sunday, Apr 10, 2011 - 11:46AM
link-info: Hell of It plays during the credits of the 1974 cult favorite Phantom of the Paradise. Enjoy! Please rate & comment!
date: 2011-04-10 11:46:03 -04:00

---
It's so good to know as one gets older that there are still undiscovered gems from my youth. Last night I saw "Phantom of the Paradise" which definitely qualifies. It is Brian de Palma at his most reckless and fun. The movie stars Paul Williams as an evil music producer. It really must be seen to be believed. Here's a taste... 
