--- 
id: 790499637_111492415606642
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: If the producers wanted to make their money back, they should have retooled Spider-Man to be a musical about the MAKING of Spider-Man. You can use the same set and costumes, the same music, and cast people as Julie Taymor, Bono, and a producer or two. You can keep all the stunts, but add a bit or two where actors fall off the set and injure themselves. It would be the world's first Post-Modern Broadway experience! Th
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQCE3LXZAjn83LNo&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffastcache.gawkerassets.com%2Fassets%2Fimages%2F7%2F2011%2F06%2Ffb_0615_spidermannew_01.jpg
link: http://gawker.com/5812192/the-spider+man-musical-is-still-pretty-bad-btw
name: The Spider-Man Musical Is Still Pretty Bad, BTW
caption: gawker.com
description: If the producers wanted to make their money back, they should have retooled Spider-Man to be a musical about the MAKING of Spider-Man. You can use the same set and costumes, the same music, and cast people as Julie Taymor, Bono, and a producer or two. You can keep all the stunts, but add a bit or two where actors fall off the set and injure themselves. It would be the world's first Post-Modern Broadway experience! Th
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yD/r/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/111492415606642
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/111492415606642
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  deny: "116609519637"
type: link
application: 
  name: Share_bookmarklet
  id: "5085647995"
created_time: 2011-06-15T17:34:58+0000
updated_time: 2011-06-15T17:38:48+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Thomas Rogers
    id: "538628386"
  - name: Melissa Agar
    id: "530351528"
  - name: Thomas Sproat
    id: "573477249"
  - name: Jono Jarrett
    id: "1343303598"
  count: 4
comments: 
  data: 
  - id: 790499637_111492415606642_122260
    from: 
      name: Peter Von Brown
      id: "1128953787"
    message: Hear hear!  (or is it "Here here!"?  Either way, well thought, Keith!)
    created_time: 2011-06-15T17:38:48+0000
  count: 1
layout: facebook-link
title: Wednesday, Jun 15, 2011 - 01:34PM
link-info: "The Broadway shitsplosion Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark finally, finally, officially opened last night, meaning this morning the (new) reviews came in."
date: 2011-06-15 13:34:58 -04:00

---
If the producers wanted to make their money back, they should have retooled Spider-Man to be a musical about the MAKING of Spider-Man. You can use the same set and costumes, the same music, and cast people as Julie Taymor, Bono, and a producer or two. You can keep all the stunts, but add a bit or two where actors fall off the set and injure themselves. It would be the world's first Post-Modern Broadway experience! Th
