--- 
id: 790499637_10150468998819638
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: "I've been mini-obsessed with The Mamas & The Papas lately. I had previously only known them for their hits - and while I found those songs enjoyable, their sound seemed a little shallow to me. But once you get past those overplayed songs, there are some real gems (this one is quite subtlely beautiful: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhHMwE250zg&noredirect=1). But lurking underneath their cheerful and flawless harmonies is perhaps the most dysfunctional group of people to ever be in a band together. It's staggering: drugs, adultery, cruelty, pregnancies, incest, etc. I don't know what point I'm making here other than the juxtaposition is fascinating and apparently stuck in my subconscious."
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/10150468998819638
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/10150468998819638
privacy: 
  description: Public
  value: EVERYONE
  allow: "0"
  deny: "0"
type: status
created_time: 2011-10-02T16:11:54+0000
updated_time: 2011-10-02T17:05:49+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Allison Adams
    id: "594440081"
  - name: Melissa Agar
    id: "530351528"
  count: 2
comments: 
  data: 
  - id: 790499637_10150468998819638_21946255
    from: 
      name: Keith Marran
      id: "790499637"
    message: "And this one, too: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7dt_i4TRyU&feature=related. The lyrics are quite sinister."
    created_time: 2011-10-02T16:13:24+0000
  - id: 790499637_10150468998819638_21947198
    from: 
      name: Renee Kent
      id: "531319519"
    message: I was going to say that. When the incest stories came out it turned me off of them
    created_time: 2011-10-02T17:05:49+0000
  count: 2
layout: facebook-status
title: Sunday, Oct  2, 2011 - 12:11PM
description: "I've been mini-obsessed with The Mamas & The Papas lately. I had previously only known them for their hits - and while I found those songs enjoyable, their sound seemed a little shallow to me. But once you get past those overplayed songs, there are some real gems (this one is quite subtlely beautiful: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhHMwE250zg&noredirect=1). But lurking underneath their cheerful and flawless harmonies is perhaps the most dysfunctional group of people to ever be in a band together. It's staggering: drugs, adultery, cruelty, pregnancies, incest, etc. I don't know what point I'm making here other than the juxtaposition is fascinating and apparently stuck in my subconscious."
date: 2011-10-02 12:11:54 -04:00

---
I've been mini-obsessed with The Mamas & The Papas lately. I had previously only known them for their hits - and while I found those songs enjoyable, their sound seemed a little shallow to me. But once you get past those overplayed songs, there are some real gems (this one is quite subtlely beautiful: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhHMwE250zg&noredirect=1). But lurking underneath their cheerful and flawless harmonies is perhaps the most dysfunctional group of people to ever be in a band together. It's staggering: drugs, adultery, cruelty, pregnancies, incest, etc. I don't know what point I'm making here other than the juxtaposition is fascinating and apparently stuck in my subconscious.
