--- 
id: 790499637_198482130190942
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: I went to a Neil Diamond tribute this past weekend. They played this song and I could not place the original recording artist. It's the Monkees! And it has the same name of Grant Morrison's feel-good-apocalypse ending to his run of the X-Men.
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQDu_qcOs25_HzFt&w=130&h=130&url=http%3A%2F%2Fi.ytimg.com%2Fvi%2FEdI9Ik_ATjs%2F0.jpg
link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdI9Ik_ATjs&feature=share
source: http://www.youtube.com/v/EdI9Ik_ATjs&fs=1?autoplay=1
name: The Monkees - Look Out (Here Comes Tomorrow)
description: I went to a Neil Diamond tribute this past weekend. They played this song and I could not place the original recording artist. It's the Monkees! And it has the same name of Grant Morrison's feel-good-apocalypse ending to his run of the X-Men.
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yj/r/v2OnaTyTQZE.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/198482130190942
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/198482130190942
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  deny: "116609519637"
type: video
application: 
  name: Share_bookmarklet
  id: "5085647995"
created_time: 2011-04-18T16:33:22+0000
updated_time: 2011-04-18T17:11:15+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Leslie Gardner
    id: "667633377"
  - name: Thomas Sproat
    id: "573477249"
  count: 2
comments: 
  data: 
  - id: 790499637_198482130190942_2719160
    from: 
      name: Peter Von Brown
      id: "1128953787"
    message: I would have known that right away ;)
    created_time: 2011-04-18T17:11:15+0000
  count: 1
layout: facebook-video
title: Monday, Apr 18, 2011 - 12:33PM
link-info: Go to my Channel for full albums.    The 7th track on the 1967 album "More of the Monkees" by The Monkees. "Look Out (Here Comes Tomorrow)" is written by Neil Diamond.    Peace
date: 2011-04-18 12:33:22 -04:00

---
I went to a Neil Diamond tribute this past weekend. They played this song and I could not place the original recording artist. It's the Monkees! And it has the same name of Grant Morrison's feel-good-apocalypse ending to his run of the X-Men.
