--- 
id: 790499637_10150416967474638
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: Today, David and I bicycled 15 miles through small Vietnamese villages to go to an archeology site. It was an unreal experience. Old bridges over water canals that feed rice paddies, old women laying rice on their front yard to dry, children running out of the houses waving and shouting HELLO HELLO!
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/10150416967474638
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/10150416967474638
privacy: 
  description: Friends
  value: ALL_FRIENDS
type: status
application: 
  name: Friendly for iPad
  id: "146563558702544"
created_time: 2011-08-26T09:48:04+0000
updated_time: 2011-08-26T09:48:04+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Mary Everett
    id: "639050284"
  - name: Patrick Kee Kietsrichart
    id: "1334676583"
  - name: Allison Adams
    id: "594440081"
  - name: Angie Simonton Lanter
    id: "1283570540"
  count: 10
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: facebook-status
title: Friday, Aug 26, 2011 - 05:48AM
description: Today, David and I bicycled 15 miles through small Vietnamese villages to go to an archeology site. It was an unreal experience. Old bridges over water canals that feed rice paddies, old women laying rice on their front yard to dry, children running out of the houses waving and shouting HELLO HELLO!
date: 2011-08-26 05:48:04 -04:00

---
Today, David and I bicycled 15 miles through small Vietnamese villages to go to an archeology site. It was an unreal experience. Old bridges over water canals that feed rice paddies, old women laying rice on their front yard to dry, children running out of the houses waving and shouting HELLO HELLO!
