--- 
id: 790499637_253808871330679
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: I'm having a Charleton Heston in Soylent Green moment. Facebook has completely taken over the web. We've all been so obsessed with popularity that we didn't notice that Facebook now tracks practically every thing you do on the web - whether you're logged in or not! "It's Facebook. Soylent Green is Facebook!"
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQAyq_wLpiWp8xPf&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcache.lifehacker.com%2Fassets%2Fimages%2F17%2F2011%2F09%2Ffb_facebookhell.jpg
link: http://lifehacker.com/5843969/facebook-is-tracking-your-every-move-on-the-web-heres-how-to-stop-it
name: Facebook Is Tracking Your Every Move on the Web; Here's How to Stop It
caption: lifehacker.com
description: I'm having a Charleton Heston in Soylent Green moment. Facebook has completely taken over the web. We've all been so obsessed with popularity that we didn't notice that Facebook now tracks practically every thing you do on the web - whether you're logged in or not! "It's Facebook. Soylent Green is Facebook!"
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yD/r/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/253808871330679
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/253808871330679
privacy: 
  description: Public
  value: EVERYONE
type: link
application: 
  name: Share_bookmarklet
  id: "5085647995"
created_time: 2011-09-27T19:07:56+0000
updated_time: 2011-09-29T02:35:50+0000
shares: 
  count: 1
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Jono Jarrett
    id: "1343303598"
  count: 1
comments: 
  data: 
  - id: 790499637_253808871330679_3477379
    from: 
      name: Keith Marran
      id: "790499637"
    message: "Maybe we should start making \"anti-social\" buttons: a \"ssshhh..\" conter for Twitter, a \"Don't Like\" button for Facebook and a \"-1\" for Google."
    created_time: 2011-09-28T16:01:14+0000
  - id: 790499637_253808871330679_3479881
    from: 
      name: Sara Holoubek
      id: "659585353"
    message: I do own www.unfriendster.com and www.unsocialnetwork.com
    created_time: 2011-09-29T02:35:50+0000
  count: 5
layout: facebook-link
title: Tuesday, Sep 27, 2011 - 03:07PM
link-info: Over the weekend, Dave Winer wrote an article at Scripting.com explaining how Facebook keeps track of where you are on the web after logging in without your consent.
date: 2011-09-27 15:07:56 -04:00

---
I'm having a Charleton Heston in Soylent Green moment. Facebook has completely taken over the web. We've all been so obsessed with popularity that we didn't notice that Facebook now tracks practically every thing you do on the web - whether you're logged in or not! "It's Facebook. Soylent Green is Facebook!"
