--- 
id: 790499637_208151782551703
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: I saw John Waters' Polyester for the first time last night. Hilarious! And as with most of his movies, Mink Stole stole every scene she was in. Here's a little snippet.
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQDIBqI_4XPysAg5&w=130&h=130&url=http%3A%2F%2Fi2.ytimg.com%2Fvi%2FAp8P4JqyyPw%2Fdefault.jpg
link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ap8P4JqyyPw&feature=share
source: http://www.youtube.com/v/Ap8P4JqyyPw?version=3&autohide=1&autoplay=1
name: Polyester
description: I saw John Waters' Polyester for the first time last night. Hilarious! And as with most of his movies, Mink Stole stole every scene she was in. Here's a little snippet.
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yj/r/v2OnaTyTQZE.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/208151782551703
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/208151782551703
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  deny: "116609519637"
type: video
application: 
  name: Share_bookmarklet
  id: "5085647995"
created_time: 2011-05-09T20:40:38+0000
updated_time: 2011-05-09T20:40:38+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Thomas Rogers
    id: "538628386"
  - name: John F. Duckett
    id: "567340649"
  - name: David L Steele
    id: "1407655463"
  - name: Robert Lucas
    id: "100000816082478"
  count: 4
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: facebook-video
title: Monday, May  9, 2011 - 04:40PM
link-info: I love everything about Mink Stole. I just saw Polyester for the first time last night and she steals every scene she's in. This is my favorite line of hers.
date: 2011-05-09 16:40:38 -04:00

---
I saw John Waters' Polyester for the first time last night. Hilarious! And as with most of his movies, Mink Stole stole every scene she was in. Here's a little snippet.
