--- 
id: 790499637_157261267710610
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: "I adore Lady Bunny. She (and Wigstock) were one of the main reasons I chose to move to NYC. If anyone wants to join me, send me a message. "
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQActlOHfsgnXXRM&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgraphics8.nytimes.com%2Fimages%2F2011%2F12%2F26%2Farts%2Fsub-that%2Fsub-that-articleInline.jpg
link: http://www.nyti.ms/vGBrhK
name: "Lady Bunny in \xE2\x80\x98That Ain\xE2\x80\x99t No Lady!\xE2\x80\x99 at La Escuelita - Review - NYTimes.com"
caption: www.nyti.ms
description: "I adore Lady Bunny. She (and Wigstock) were one of the main reasons I chose to move to NYC. If anyone wants to join me, send me a message. "
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yN/x/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/157261267710610
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/157261267710610
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  networks: ""
  allow: ""
  deny: "116609519637"
type: link
status_type: shared_story
created_time: 2011-12-30T16:05:26+0000
updated_time: 2011-12-30T16:05:26+0000
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: status-link
title: Friday, Dec 30, 2011 around 11:05AM
link-info: In a world where drag has gone mainstream, Lady Bunny brings a tonic sewer sensibility to her stand-up routine at La Escuelita Cabaret Theater.
date: 2011-12-30 11:05:26 -05:00

---
I adore Lady Bunny. She (and Wigstock) were one of the main reasons I chose to move to NYC. If anyone wants to join me, send me a message. 
