--- 
id: 790499637_176340892474097
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: Well, after reading this I think I can safely say that Mitt Romney will never get anywhere near the U.S. presidency. Being outrageously wealthy is currently out of vogue. It's even worse than being a liberal.
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQC1mjp7yLxkHCdK&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcache.gawker.com%2Fassets%2Fimages%2F7%2F2012%2F01%2Ffb_89a25fb9ae25e0c570c3e414432f2abd.jpg
link: http://gawker.com/5878851/your-guide-to-mitt-romneys-obscene-tax-situation
name: Your Guide to Mitt Romney's Obscene Tax Situation
caption: gawker.com
description: Well, after reading this I think I can safely say that Mitt Romney will never get anywhere near the U.S. presidency. Being outrageously wealthy is currently out of vogue. It's even worse than being a liberal.
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yN/x/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/176340892474097
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/176340892474097
privacy: 
  description: Public
  value: EVERYONE
  friends: ""
  networks: ""
  allow: ""
  deny: ""
type: link
status_type: shared_story
application: 
  name: Share_bookmarklet
  id: "5085647995"
created_time: 2012-01-24T21:32:51+0000
updated_time: 2012-01-24T21:32:51+0000
shares: 
  count: 1
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Craig Choma
    id: "100001269764839"
  count: 1
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: status-link
title: Tuesday, Jan 24, 2012 around 04:32PM
link-info: "Mitt Romney's tax returns are out, and so we've learned the truth: Mitt Romney is a rich person. Hadn't you always suspected? And because the first thing you want to be reading this Tuesday in January is a description of tax forms, here's your guide to Romney, his taxes, and the political effects..."
date: 2012-01-24 16:32:51 -05:00

---
Well, after reading this I think I can safely say that Mitt Romney will never get anywhere near the U.S. presidency. Being outrageously wealthy is currently out of vogue. It's even worse than being a liberal.
