--- 
id: 790499637_10150661116749638
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: Hearing that the Iowa caucus is coming up makes me sad because it reminds me that primary season is coming to a close. This has been one of the funniest primary lead-ups I've ever seen - and full of twists and turns. I'll miss watching the candidates humiliate themselves and claw at each other.
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/10150661116749638
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/10150661116749638
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  deny: "116609519637"
type: status
created_time: 2012-01-02T13:00:15+0000
updated_time: 2012-01-02T19:26:40+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Marcie Morton Sobelman
    id: "1275161562"
  - name: David L Steele
    id: "1407655463"
  - name: Melissa Agar
    id: "530351528"
  - name: Kirsten Murray
    id: "575571081"
  count: 5
comments: 
  data: 
  - id: 790499637_10150661116749638_24025735
    from: 
      name: David L Steele
      id: "1407655463"
    message: I'm going to miss the clown college, too.  It's been fun seeing which of the lot can be the dopiest.
    created_time: 2012-01-02T19:26:40+0000
  count: 1
layout: facebook-status
title: Monday, Jan  2, 2012 - 08:00AM
description: Hearing that the Iowa caucus is coming up makes me sad because it reminds me that primary season is coming to a close. This has been one of the funniest primary lead-ups I've ever seen - and full of twists and turns. I'll miss watching the candidates humiliate themselves and claw at each other.
date: 2012-01-02 08:00:15 -05:00

---
Hearing that the Iowa caucus is coming up makes me sad because it reminds me that primary season is coming to a close. This has been one of the funniest primary lead-ups I've ever seen - and full of twists and turns. I'll miss watching the candidates humiliate themselves and claw at each other.
