--- 
id: 790499637_415037168515176
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: I usually didn't agree with the Republican party, but I used to at least understand what they stood for. Now I don't understand them at all. Where's their plan? What's their vision for the future? It seems to just be "Absolute Power for Billionaires".
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQBbwaNOXmOrQiH6&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.washingtonpost.com%2Frf%2Fimage_90w%2FWashingtonPost%2FContent%2FBlogs%2Fthe-fix%2FImages%2FHouse_Republicans_06d1e-003.jpg
link: http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/lets-just-say-it-the-republicans-are-the-problem/2012/04/27/gIQAxCVUlT_story.html
name: "Let\xE2\x80\x99s just say it: The Republicans are the problem."
caption: www.washingtonpost.com
description: I usually didn't agree with the Republican party, but I used to at least understand what they stood for. Now I don't understand them at all. Where's their plan? What's their vision for the future? It seems to just be "Absolute Power for Billionaires".
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v1/yD/r/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/415037168515176
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/415037168515176
privacy: 
  description: Public
  value: EVERYONE
type: link
application: 
  name: Links
  id: "2309869772"
created_time: 2012-04-28T14:30:29+0000
updated_time: 2012-04-28T14:30:29+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Jono Jarrett
    id: "1343303598"
  - name: Richard M Carlson Jr
    id: "1437848272"
  count: 2
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: facebook-link
title: Saturday, Apr 28, 2012 - 10:30AM
date: 2012-04-28 10:30:29 -04:00

---
I usually didn't agree with the Republican party, but I used to at least understand what they stood for. Now I don't understand them at all. Where's their plan? What's their vision for the future? It seems to just be "Absolute Power for Billionaires".
