--- 
created_time: 2012-12-24T01:54:49+0000
description: "God only knows if these online petitions do anything, but I'll take any steps to overturn Citizens United. I think it's one of the most destructive decisions in recent American government. "
date: 2012-12-24 01:54:49 +00:00
updated_time: 2012-12-24T01:54:49+0000
likes: 
  count: 3
  data: 
  - id: "100001269764839"
    name: Craig Choma
  - id: "1095747683"
    name: Robb Bloom
  - id: "575571081"
    name: Kirsten Murray
status_type: shared_story
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yD/r/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
id: 790499637_306190516166051
title: Monday, Dec 24, 2012 - 01:54AM
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  value: CUSTOM
  deny: "116609519637"
  allow: ""
  networks: ""
link: http://act.watchdog.net/petitions/637?share_ref=Ifc7HcY-UpA
application: 
  id: "5085647995"
  name: Share_bookmarklet
message: "God only knows if these online petitions do anything, but I'll take any steps to overturn Citizens United. I think it's one of the most destructive decisions in recent American government. "
type: link
caption: act.watchdog.net
link-info: "Join the states fighting for a true democracy\xE2\x80\x94Take down Citizens United NOW!  Six states are calling for an  amendment to overturn the Citizens  United decision\xE2\x80\x94and they're asking Congress to draft legislation that can be ratified immediately!     By siding with Citizens United in 2010, our Supreme ..."
layout: facebook-link
name: "Tell Congress: Overturn Citizens United Decision NOW!"
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQBAz6f3Jn0mwVwI&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fact.watchdog.net%2Fimages%2Ffbpic_almost-there_progress_fb-button_border.png
from: 
  id: "790499637"
  name: Keith Marran
actions: 
- link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/306190516166051
  name: Comment
- link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/306190516166051
  name: Like
comments: 
  count: 0

---
God only knows if these online petitions do anything, but I'll take any steps to overturn Citizens United. I think it's one of the most destructive decisions in recent American government. 
