--- 
id: 790499637_306190516166051
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: "God only knows if these online petitions do anything, but I'll take any steps to overturn Citizens United. I think it's one of the most destructive decisions in recent American government. "
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQBAz6f3Jn0mwVwI&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fact.watchdog.net%2Fimages%2Ffbpic_almost-there_progress_fb-button_border.png
link: http://act.watchdog.net/petitions/637?share_ref=Ifc7HcY-UpA
name: "Tell Congress: Overturn Citizens United Decision NOW!"
caption: act.watchdog.net
description: "God only knows if these online petitions do anything, but I'll take any steps to overturn Citizens United. I think it's one of the most destructive decisions in recent American government. "
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yN/x/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/306190516166051
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/306190516166051
privacy: 
  description: "Friends; Except: Family"
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  networks: ""
  allow: ""
  deny: "116609519637"
type: link
status_type: shared_story
application: 
  name: Share_bookmarklet
  id: "5085647995"
created_time: 2012-12-24T01:54:49+0000
updated_time: 2012-12-24T01:54:49+0000
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Craig Choma
    id: "100001269764839"
  - name: Robb Bloom
    id: "1095747683"
  - name: Kirsten Murray
    id: "575571081"
  count: 3
comments: 
  count: 0
layout: status-link
title: Sunday, Dec 23, 2012 around 08:54PM
link-info: "Join the states fighting for a true democracy\xE2\x80\x94Take down Citizens United NOW!  Six states are calling for an  amendment to overturn the Citizens  United decision\xE2\x80\x94and they're asking Congress to draft legislation that can be ratified immediately!     By siding with Citizens United in 2010, our Supreme ..."
date: 2012-12-23 20:54:49 -05:00

---
God only knows if these online petitions do anything, but I'll take any steps to overturn Citizens United. I think it's one of the most destructive decisions in recent American government. 
