--- 
id: 790499637_407478799274918
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
message: I couldn't even get angry at this woman because I felt so bad for her being so incredibly stupid. Please...let's not give her her own show on Bravo. Sure, it would be entertaining. But it would be too cruel.
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQBADmJ_3_MbszX0&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fimg.gawkerassets.com%2Fimg%2F17npu21ozp4jkjpg%2Ffb.jpg
link: http://gawker.com/5913283/congregant-defends-north-carolina-pastors-godly-plan-to-exterminate-homosexuals
name: Congregant Defends North Carolina Pastor's 'Godly' Plan to Exterminate Homosexuals
caption: gawker.com
description: I couldn't even get angry at this woman because I felt so bad for her being so incredibly stupid. Please...let's not give her her own show on Bravo. Sure, it would be entertaining. But it would be too cruel.
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yN/x/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/407478799274918
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/407478799274918
privacy: 
  description: Public
  value: EVERYONE
  friends: ""
  networks: ""
  allow: ""
  deny: ""
type: link
status_type: shared_story
application: 
  name: Share_bookmarklet
  id: "5085647995"
created_time: 2012-05-25T14:02:51+0000
updated_time: 2012-05-25T15:38:50+0000
shares: 
  count: 3
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Dave Grilli
    id: "5101343"
  count: 1
comments: 
  data: 
  - id: 790499637_407478799274918_4811192
    from: 
      name: Andrea Miklasz
      id: "629554115"
    message: Oh. Dear. She has got to be inbred, which to them, probably isn't a sin.
    created_time: 2012-05-25T15:38:50+0000
  count: 1
layout: status-link
title: Friday, May 25, 2012 around 10:02AM
link-info: Considering the leader of their flock is about as despicable a person as you can hope is only a ploy to get children to finish their vegetables, it stands to reason that members of North Carolina pastor Charles "Kill the Queers" Worley's congregation would be equally horrid homophobes.
date: 2012-05-25 10:02:51 -04:00

---
I couldn't even get angry at this woman because I felt so bad for her being so incredibly stupid. Please...let's not give her her own show on Bravo. Sure, it would be entertaining. But it would be too cruel.
