---
id: '790499637_521737287845838'
from:
  name: Keith Marran
  id: '790499637'
message: Do I want to see Superman agonizing over minor moral dilemmas? Do I want
  to see Jonathan Kent tell his adopted son that maybe he should have let a boy die?
  No. I do not.
picture: https://fbexternal-a.akamaihd.net/safe_image.php?d=AQCMH9xVtNkVdxFj&w=130&h=130&url=http%3A%2F%2Fi4.ytimg.com%2Fvi%2FKVu3gS7iJu4%2Fmqdefault.jpg
link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=KVu3gS7iJu4
source: http://www.youtube.com/v/KVu3gS7iJu4?version=3&autohide=1&autoplay=1
name: ! 'Man of Steel - Official Trailer #2 [HD]'
description: Do I want to see Superman agonizing over minor moral dilemmas? Do I want
  to see Jonathan Kent tell his adopted son that maybe he should have let a boy die?
  No. I do not.
icon: https://fbstatic-a.akamaihd.net/rsrc.php/v2/yj/r/v2OnaTyTQZE.gif
actions:
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/521737287845838
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/521737287845838
privacy:
  description: ! 'Friends; Except: Family'
  value: CUSTOM
  friends: ALL_FRIENDS
  networks: ''
  allow: ''
  deny: '116609519637'
type: video
status_type: shared_story
created_time: '2012-12-11T22:38:40+0000'
updated_time: '2012-12-11T22:38:40+0000'
shares:
  count: 1
likes:
  data:
  - name: Sreedhar Yedavalli
    id: '1199970155'
  - name: Craig Choma
    id: '100001269764839'
  count: 2
layout: status-link
title: Tuesday, Dec 11, 2012 around 05:38PM
link-info: http://manofsteel.com http://www.facebook.com/manofsteel In theaters June
  14th. From Warner Bros. and Legendary Pictures comes "Man of Steel", starring Henry...
date: 2012-12-11 17:38:40.000000000 -05:00

---
Do I want to see Superman agonizing over minor moral dilemmas? Do I want to see Jonathan Kent tell his adopted son that maybe he should have let a boy die? No. I do not.
