---
id: '790499637_10151732458189638'
from:
  name: Keith Marran
  id: '790499637'
message: ! "Today I am reminded of one of my favorite Simpsons moments. Mr. Burns
  has fallen in love with Marge's mother and is running around the office shouting
  \"WHOOP DEE DOO\". He goes to the intercom and announces \"Everyone that's found
  true love can go home early today!\" All the power plant workers shout hooray and
  leave their posts - except for one guy that stays where is, sniffs, and sheds a
  tear. \n\nHappy Valentine's Day to all my single friends! You're awesome!"
actions:
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/10151732458189638
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/10151732458189638
privacy:
  description: Public
  value: EVERYONE
  friends: ''
  networks: ''
  allow: ''
  deny: ''
type: status
status_type: mobile_status_update
created_time: '2013-02-14T19:21:14+0000'
updated_time: '2013-02-14T22:46:14+0000'
likes:
  data:
  - name: Peter Von Brown
    id: '1128953787'
  - name: Mindy Crary
    id: '1178241458'
  - name: Matthew Andersen
    id: '9032871'
  - name: Tracie Duncan
    id: '717015376'
  count: 12
comments:
  data:
  - id: '10151732458189638_30804959'
    from:
      name: Gabriel Berlin
      id: '562174618'
    message: Is it Hans Moleman?
    can_remove: true
    created_time: '2013-02-14T20:15:14+0000'
    like_count: 0
    user_likes: false
  - id: '10151732458189638_30807317'
    from:
      name: Keith Marran
      id: '790499637'
    message: I don't think it was Hans Moleman. I think it was just a generic male
      worker.
    can_remove: true
    created_time: '2013-02-14T22:46:14+0000'
    like_count: 0
    user_likes: false
  paging:
    cursors:
      after: Mg==
      before: MQ==
layout: status
title: Thursday, Feb 14, 2013 around 02:21PM
date: 2013-02-14 14:21:14.000000000 -05:00

---
Today I am reminded of one of my favorite Simpsons moments. Mr. Burns has fallen in love with Marge's mother and is running around the office shouting "WHOOP DEE DOO". He goes to the intercom and announces "Everyone that's found true love can go home early today!" All the power plant workers shout hooray and leave their posts - except for one guy that stays where is, sniffs, and sheds a tear. 

Happy Valentine's Day to all my single friends! You're awesome!
