--- 
date: 2013-01-17 14:19:39 +00:00
application: 
  name: Facebook for iPhone
  namespace: fbiphone
  id: "6628568379"
icon: http://static.ak.fbcdn.net/rsrc.php/v2/yD/r/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
layout: facebook-link
comments: 
  data: 
  - message: "\"An unfortunate petting zoo incident. Rachael M. was innocently looking at a deer when the goat in this picture knocked the poor thing to the ground and trampled her.\" http://www.goat-trauma.org/images/yelodres.jpg"
    from: 
      name: Josh Siegel
      id: "621816545"
    created_time: 2013-01-17T14:22:16+0000
    id: 790499637_151776668305664_353811
  - message: I was completely humped by a goat at a petting zoo! I should share my story, to help others.
    from: 
      name: Brenda Gregoline
      id: "1236717380"
    created_time: 2013-01-17T14:30:37+0000
    id: 790499637_151776668305664_353847
  - message: I shouldn't say "completely." He didn't, uh, get to finish or anything.
    likes: 1
    from: 
      name: Brenda Gregoline
      id: "1236717380"
    created_time: 2013-01-17T14:31:05+0000
    id: 790499637_151776668305664_353849
  - message: Brenda you are a shining example of someone that has overcome childhood goat trauma to live a normal and healthy life. You should definitely share your story.
    from: 
      name: Keith Marran
      id: "790499637"
    created_time: 2013-01-17T21:47:59+0000
    id: 790499637_151776668305664_354780
  count: 4
status_type: shared_story
picture: http://external.ak.fbcdn.net/safe_image.php?d=AQAeP6xA39nZNKDA&w=90&h=90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goat-trauma.org%2Fimages%2Ftestimonies1.gif
message: This is the pinnacle of the Internet.
privacy: 
  deny: ""
  friends: ""
  description: Friends
  value: ALL_FRIENDS
  allow: ""
  networks: ""
name: The Childhood Goat Trauma Foundation
type: link
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Matthew Shields
    id: "729111833"
  - name: Sreedhar Yedavalli
    id: "1199970155"
  - name: Jeff Bond
    id: "1108401510"
  count: 3
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/151776668305664
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/151776668305664
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
created_time: 2013-01-17T14:19:39+0000
id: 790499637_151776668305664
title: Thursday, Jan 17, 2013 - 02:19PM
updated_time: 2013-01-17T21:47:59+0000
caption: www.goat-trauma.org
link: http://www.goat-trauma.org/

---
This is the pinnacle of the Internet.
