--- 
date: 2013-01-17 21:35:25 +00:00
application: 
  name: Buffer
  namespace: buffer-app
  id: "103667826405103"
layout: facebook-status
comments: 
  data: 
  - message: Why would consumers want to timedelay their social media interactions? I don't really get it.
    from: 
      name: Dave Stringer Hughes
      id: "800419"
    created_time: 2013-01-17T21:50:00+0000
    id: 790499637_10151643327174638_30391476
  - message: Because I do browsing in the morning and maybe find a couple of things worth sharing. They get better reach if I space them out rather than send them all at once. That's the theory at least.
    from: 
      name: Keith Marran
      id: "790499637"
    created_time: 2013-01-17T21:54:06+0000
    id: 790499637_10151643327174638_30391522
  - message: That kind of makes sense. What about what you did here, where you used Buffer to post something that sounds pretty real-timey? (If you don't want to discuss this from your TROPICAL PARADISE, I would understand).
    from: 
      name: Dave Stringer Hughes
      id: "800419"
    created_time: 2013-01-17T21:55:44+0000
    id: 790499637_10151643327174638_30391545
  - message: "Anything to distract me from the crying babies until take off is good. There are two buttons on Buffer: share now or buffer. So if its real time, I send it right to Facebook and twitter."
    from: 
      name: Keith Marran
      id: "790499637"
    created_time: 2013-01-17T21:58:23+0000
    id: 790499637_10151643327174638_30391575
  count: 7
status_type: mobile_status_update
message: This flight is a parade of loud and large NY families. I AM TRYIN TO ESCAPE YOU PEOPLE!
privacy: 
  deny: ""
  friends: ""
  description: Friends
  value: ALL_FRIENDS
  allow: ""
  networks: ""
type: status
likes: 
  data: 
  - name: Jesse M. Ehrenfeld
    id: "7501935"
  - name: Sarah Livingston Moore
    id: "607352676"
  - name: Sara Holoubek
    id: "659585353"
  - name: Charlotte Hertander
    id: "577154539"
  count: 6
actions: 
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/10151643327174638
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/10151643327174638
from: 
  name: Keith Marran
  id: "790499637"
created_time: 2013-01-17T21:35:25+0000
id: 790499637_10151643327174638
title: Thursday, Jan 17, 2013 - 09:35PM
updated_time: 2013-01-17T21:58:23+0000

---
This flight is a parade of loud and large NY families. I AM TRYIN TO ESCAPE YOU PEOPLE!
