---
id: '790499637_466864456713507'
from:
  name: Keith Marran
  id: '790499637'
message: This is my favorite comic series of the past couple of years. It's only 4
  issues. It ranges from ultra-dark mature content to irrationally hopeful and innocent
  themes. I blubbered 4 times in the final issue.
picture: https://fbexternal-a.akamaihd.net/safe_image.php?d=AQAi3ZSkioASnMqh&w=154&h=154&url=http%3A%2F%2Fimages.imagecomics.com%2Fc%2F2012%2Fmidsize%2FIMG120545_m.jpg
link: http://www.imagecomics.com/comics/5219/Happy-4-of-4
name: ! 'Happy! #4 (of 4)'
caption: www.imagecomics.com
description: This is my favorite comic series of the past couple of years. It's only
  4 issues. It ranges from ultra-dark mature content to irrationally hopeful and innocent
  themes. I blubbered 4 times in the final issue.
icon: https://fbstatic-a.akamaihd.net/rsrc.php/v2/yD/r/aS8ecmYRys0.gif
actions:
- name: Comment
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/466864456713507
- name: Like
  link: http://www.facebook.com/790499637/posts/466864456713507
privacy:
  description: Public
  value: EVERYONE
  friends: ''
  networks: ''
  allow: ''
  deny: ''
type: link
status_type: shared_story
created_time: '2013-02-28T19:25:24+0000'
updated_time: '2013-02-28T19:25:24+0000'
likes:
  data:
  - name: Partho Sengupta
    id: '100000392214097'
  count: 1
layout: status-link
title: Thursday, Feb 28, 2013 around 02:25PM
link-info: Christmas is here and the bad men are about to open their presents! It's
  showdown time but can Nick Sax save the day without Happy to help him - or will
  he screw this up like everything else? You must not miss the blood-drenched conclusion
  of our heartwarming Yuletide classic!
date: 2013-02-28 14:25:24.000000000 -05:00

---
This is my favorite comic series of the past couple of years. It's only 4 issues. It ranges from ultra-dark mature content to irrationally hopeful and innocent themes. I blubbered 4 times in the final issue.
