--- 
layout: recipe
title: Blueberry Oatmeal
ingredients: 
- berries
redirects: 
- /node/484
- /personal/recipes/dish/breakfast/blueberry-oatmeal
dish: breakfast
description: It tastes great, lowers cholesterol, is a great slow carb, and is high in anti-oxindents and omega-3 fatty acids.
---
It tastes great, lowers cholesterol, is a great slow carb, and is high in anti-oxindents and omega-3 fatty acids.
<!--break-->

1 tablespoon butter
4 tablespoons flax seed
1 cup steel cut oats (McCann's is a good brand)
2 teaspoons cinnamon
2 teaspoons ground ginger
1 apple peeled and chopped
3 tablespoons honey or maple syrup
1 quart low fat buttermilk
3½ cups water
12 ounces frozen blueberries (you can get wild blueberries at Whole Foods, and regular ones at any grocery store)

In a large pot, melt the butter over medium heat and toast the oats and flaxseeds for 3 or 4 minutes. While it's toasting, stir in spices.

Add the chopped up apple, maple syrup, 3½ cups of water and½ cup buttermilk.

Bring to a boil, and reduce heat to low and stir occasionally. Start tasting after about 30 minutes. Cooking time varies, it may not be done until 45 minutes or even longer (It will also taste too spicy at this point.)

Once the oats are done, stir in a whole bag of frozen blueberries (12 oz.) Stir well, and cook for a minute or two and then stir in another half cup or so of buttermilk.

Portion the oatmeal into either microwave safe containters or into zip and lock "freezer" bags. The freezer bags can reheated in a pot of hot water. You'll need to refresh the reheated oatmeal with more buttermilk to regain the creaminess.
