--- 
layout: recipe
title: " Many-Layered Lemon Cake"
ingredients: 
- cake
- lemon
redirects: 
- /node/495
- /personal/recipes/dish/desserts/many-layered-lemon-cake
dish: desserts
description: We made this for Sis' birthday. Overall, it was delicious, but if I made it again I would use raw coconuts to get a smoother coconut flavor.
---
We made this for Sis' birthday. Overall, it was delicious, but if I made it again I would use raw coconuts to get a smoother coconut flavor. 
<!--break-->
Servings: One 3 layer, 9 inch cake

<strong>Lemon Curd</strong>

4 large eggs
15 large egg yolks
2¼ cups sugar
1½ cups strained fresh lemon juice
¼ pound unsalted butter

Place the eggs, egg yolks, sugar, and lemon juice in a double boiler over low heat and cook until thickened, about 15 minutes. Stir occasionally with a wire whisk to promote even cooking. Raise the heat to medium high and cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture becomes thickened and tracks.

Off heat, add the butter and stir to combine. Pour through a strainer and discard the solids. Cool to room temperature, cover, and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 3 days.

<strong>Lemon Cake</strong>

Chopped zest of 4 lemons
¾ cup confectioners' sugar
1⅓ cups sugar
½ pound unsalted butter, at room temperature
5 large eggs, separated
¼ teaspoon cream of tartar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 cups all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1¼ cups unsweetened coconut milk

Preheat the oven to 350°. Line three 9-inch cake pans with parchment paper.

To make the cake: place the lemon zest confectioners' sugar, and 1 cup of the sugar in the bowl of a mixer fitted with a paddle and mix for 3 to 5 minutes. Add the butter and beat until light and fluffy. Add the egg yolks and vanilla and beat well.

Place the flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl and mix to combine. Add the flour mixture to the lemon mixture, alternately with the coconut milk, and mix until just combined.

Place the egg whites and cream of tartar in a bowl and whip with a mixer until the eggs just begin to foam. Gradually add the remaining ⅓ cup sugar and slowly increase the speed until it is high; whip until the mixture is stiff and shiny. Fold into the batter and spread into the prepared pans. Transfer to the oven and bake until golden at the edges and the center springs back easily, about 20 to 22 minutes. Set aside and cool in the pans. Remove the cake from the pan when cool.

<strong>Coconut Milk Syrup</strong>

1 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk
⅓ cup sugar
½ teaspoon vanilla extract

Combine all ingredients and mix well until the sugar is completely dissolved.

<strong>Lemon Buttercream</strong>

6 egg yolks
½ cup fresh lemon juice
½ teaspoon salt
½ cup plus 2 teaspoons sugar
⅞ pound unsalted butter
½ teaspoon vanilla extract

Place the egg yolks, lemon juice, salt, and sugar in a double boiler over medium heat and cook, whisking, until hot, light yellow in color, and thickened, about 6 minutes. Transfer to the bowl of a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment and whip on high speed until cool, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add the butter, 2 tablespoons at a time, and whip until smooth. Add the vanilla.

Trim the tops of the lemon cake layers. Bottom side down, lay the first layer on a cake plate. Brush with soaking syrup.

Spread the top with lemon curd. Continue with the remaining cake layers, but place the top cake layer bottom side up. Douse with syrup.

Cover the top surface with the buttercream, then frost the sides. Into the sides, press:

2 cups toasted coconut

Refrigerate until the lemon buttercream is set, about 30 minutes.
