--- 
layout: recipe
title: Key Lime Pie
ingredients: 
- lime
redirects: 
- /node/494
- /personal/recipes/dish/desserts/key-lime-pie
dish: desserts
---
<!--break-->
<strong>The Crumb Crust</strong>

1 ½ cups or 7 oz graham cracker or other dry cookie crumbs (I prefer dry ginger cookies)
6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
¼ cup sugar

Press firmly into an unbuttered 9-inch pie pan. Refrigerate until ready to use.

<strong>Pie Filling</strong>

4 teaspoons freshly grated lime zest
½ cup fresh lime juice
4 large egg yolks
14 oz sweetened condensed milk
Pinch of salt

Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat oven to 350º.

Since key limes are so small and hard to squeeze, I quarter key limes and squeeze each lime quarter with a garlic press. It takes about 12 key limes to get enough juice. Be sure to use the ones you zested.

Combine the yolks and lime zest and beat on high speed until well mixed and slightly thickened, about 1 minute. Add the condensed milk and beat well. Add the lime juice and salt and beat again. Pour into the pie shell.

Bake the pie on a baking sheet until the filling looks firm when the pie is gently shaken, 15 to 17 minutes. Transfer the pie to a wire cooling rack and cool completely.

<strong>Whip Cream Topping</strong>

1 cup heavy cream
1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Just before serving, make the whip cream topping. Beat the cream with the sugar and vanilla on high speed until stiff peaks form. Decorate the pie with the whip cream topping.
