--- 
layout: recipe
title: Brownie Puddle Tart
ingredients: 
- chocolate
redirects: 
- /node/491
- /personal/recipes/dish/desserts/brownie-puddle-tart
dish: desserts
---
<!--break-->
Servings: One 9½ inch tart

<strong>The Brownie</strong>

1 cup chopped pecans
14 tablespoons unsalted butter
3 oz high quality bittersweet chocolate
½ cup + 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa
1 cup + 3 tablespoons sugar
3 large eggs
2 teaspoons vanilla
3 oz cream cheese
½ cup all purpose flour
a pinch of salt

Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 325º.

Line the bottom of a 9½ inch tart pan with parchment paper. Spray the insides of the pan with non-stick spray.

Place the pecans on a cookie sheet and toast them for approximately 10 minutes. Cool completely.

In a double boiler over low heat, melt the chocolate and butter stirring occasionally.

Beat the cocoa, then the sugar, into the chocolate mixture until completely incorporated. Beat in the eggs and the vanilla. Beat in the cream cheese. Be sure to scrape down the bowl occasionally to make sure that all ingredients are thoroughly mixed.

Stir in the flour and salt and mix only until the flour is moistened. Stir in the nuts.

Place the tart pan on a cookie sheet to catch any leaks. Pour the ingredients into the tart pan and spread it evenly.

Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until the batter is set. A toothpick inserted one inch from the side should come out clean.

While the brownie is baking, prepare the ganache.

<strong>The Ganache</strong>

2 oz coarsely chopped bittersweet chocolate
⅓ cup heavy cream

Melt the chocolate in a double boiler or on very low heat in the microwave.

Mix the cream and chocolate until smooth.

As soon as the brownie comes out of the oven, grease the end of a wooden spoon, and insert it into the brownie at one inch intervals. Twist is slightly as you insert it into the brownie and go all the way to the bottom. You should end up with about 25 holes in the brownie.

Fill a reclosable freezer bag with the ganache and cut off a small portion of one of the bottom corners. Fill the holes with the ganache.

Let the brownie cool completely before attempting to unmold the tart.
