--- 
layout: recipe
title: " Sea Foam Cake"
ingredients: 
- cake
redirects: 
- /node/497
- /personal/recipes/dish/desserts/sea-foam-cake
dish: desserts
description: Whenever Grandma Everett came to visit on my mom's birthday, this would be the only cake my mom would want for her birthday. The topping was originally put on a sponge cake, but we've since changed the recipe to go on an angel food cake. The results are indeed, heavenly. Definitely have enough ingredients to be able to make the crunch a couple of times. It doesn't always come out on the first try. The leftover crunch makes an excellent topping for vanilla ice cream. This cake does not keep well because the crunch seeps into the whip cream. Be sure to serve within a few hours of putting the crunch on the cream.
---
Whenever Grandma Everett came to visit on my mom's birthday, this would be the only cake my mom would want for her birthday. The topping was originally put on a sponge cake, but we've since changed the recipe to go on an angel food cake. The results are indeed, heavenly. Definitely have enough ingredients to be able to make the crunch a couple of times. It doesn't always come out on the first try. The leftover crunch makes an excellent topping for vanilla ice cream. This cake does not keep well because the crunch seeps into the whip cream. Be sure to serve within a few hours of putting the crunch on the cream.
<!--break-->

<strong>Toffee Crunch</strong>

1½ cups sugar
¼ cup brewed coffee (or espresso)
¼ light corn syrup
3 teaspoons baking soda.

Combine the sugar, coffee and corn syrup in a large pot. The contents will bubble up considerably, so use as big a pot as you can while being able to get an accurate read on the temperature.

Bring it to a boil over med-high heat. Without stirring, continue to cook the coffee-caramel to 310º.

Remove from the heat, and add in the baking soda. The mixture will foam quite a bit. Keep stirring. Once it stops foaming (about a minute), immediately pour the mixture onto a non-greased cookie sheet with sides. Let it cool completely.

When the coffee mixture is cool, place it in a plastic bag and break into smaller pieces.

<strong>The Cake</strong>

1 angel food cake, cut into three layers
2 cups heavy cream
2 tablespoons powdered sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla

Mix the cream, powdered sugar, and vanilla in a mixing bowl until soft peaks form.

Spread the whip cream between the layers and around the entire outside of the angel food cake.

Press the pieces of the toffe crunch into the sides of the cake. Serve within a couple of hours, or the toffee crunch starts to melt in the whip cream.
