--- 
layout: recipe
title: Sugar Snap Pea Salad
ingredients: 
- radishes
- peas
redirects: 
- /node/668
- /personal/recipes/dish/salads/sugar-snap-pea-salad
dish: salads
description: Our CSA has resulted in me having to learn a bunch of new recipes. Last week, we got 2 pounds of sugar snap peas. I've never really used sugar snap peas, so I did a web search and found the following recipe. It makes a great salad and is almost entirely raw - which is always a benefit. And I munch on the sugar snap peas as I make the salad. They are surprisingly munchable.
---
Our CSA has resulted in me having to learn a bunch of new recipes. Last week, we got 2 pounds of sugar snap peas. I've never really used sugar snap peas, so I did a web search and found the following recipe. It makes a great salad and is almost entirely raw - which is always a benefit. And I munch on the sugar snap peas as I make the salad. They are surprisingly munchable.<!--break-->

<ul>
<li>3/4 cup sliced radishes
<li>4 ounces sugar snap peas, sliced (about 1 1/4 cups)
<li>4 ounces ricotta salata, crumbled (about 1 cup)
<li>1/2 bunch mint leaves, torn (about 1/3 cup)
<li>1 clove garlic, minced
<li>Pinch kosher salt, more to taste
<li>1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice
<li>1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar
<li>3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
<li>Freshly ground black pepper to taste.
</ul>

In a large bowl, toss together the radishes, peas, ricotta and mint.

Using a knife or a mortar and pestle, make a paste of the garlic and salt. Place in a small bowl and add the lemon juice and balsamic vinegar and stir well to combine. Drizzle in the olive oil, stirring constantly, and add pepper to taste.

Pour dressing over salad and toss well to combine. Taste and add more salt and pepper if necessary.

This story is from The New York Times: http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/17/dining/171arex.html?_r=1
