--- 
layout: recipe
title: Shortcrust Dough
redirects: 
- /node/647
- /personal/recipes/dish/desserts/shortcrust-dough
dish: desserts
description: "This dough has a higher butter and sugar content than a classic flaky dough, resulting in a sweet, crisp, yet crumbly tart shell reminiscent of a butter cookie (known as p\xC3\xA2te sabl\xC3\xA9e in France or pasta frolla in Italy)."
---
This dough has a higher butter and sugar content than a classic flaky dough, resulting in a sweet, crisp, yet crumbly tart shell reminiscent of a butter cookie (known as pâte sablée in France or pasta frolla in Italy).
<!--break-->
Taken from Cindy Mushet's <a href="http://www.amazon.com/Desserts-Mediterranean-Flavors-California-Style/dp/0684800543/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1231776370&sr=8-5" target="_blank">Desserts: Mediterranean Flavors, California Style</a>

Yields: enough dough to line a tart pan up to 10 inches in diameter

EQUIPMENT AND ADVANCE PREPARATION: 
One 9-or 9 1/2-inch fluted tart pan with removable bottom 
A piece of heavy-duty foil and enough pie weights to fill the tart shell to the top for prebaking 
Rice and/or dried beans may be used instead of metal pie weights, but note that rice and beans used in this manner are no longer suitable for eating (though they may be used over and over again to prebake tart shells).

INGREDIENTS:
1 1/4 cups (6 1/4 ounces) unbleached all-purpose flour
1/4 cup (3/4 ounces) sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 stick (4 ounces) cold (not frozen) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces
2 large egg yolks
1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
1 to 3 teaspoons water (as needed)

To mix using a mixer: Place the flour, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on low for 1 minute to blend the ingredients. Add the butter pieces and mix on medium speed just until the mixture resembles breadcrumbs, about 3 to 4 minutes. In a separate bowl, whisk together the yolks, vanilla, and 1 teaspoon of water. Add this to the dry ingredients and blend just until the dough begins to form large clumps. Test the dough by squeezing several clumps in your hand-they should hold together. If not, add the remaining water, 1 teaspoon at a time, until the dough coheres. Remove the dough from the bowl and knead it gently 2 or 3 times, just to finish bringing it together. Shape the dough into a round disc about 3/4 inch thick and 5 1/2 inches in diameter. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes before proceeding.

To mix using a food processor: Place the flour, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Pulse 5 times to blend the ingredients.

Add the cold butter pieces and pulse 6 to 8 times, just until the butter is the size of large peas. In a separate bowl, whisk together the yolks, vanilla, and 1 teaspoon of water. Add this to the bowl of the processor, then process just until the dough begins to form small clumps-do not let it form a ball. Test the dough by squeezing a handful of clumps-they should hold together. If not, add the remaining water, 1 teaspoon at a time, until the dough coheres. Remove the dough from the bowl and knead it gently 2 or 3 times, just to finish bringing it together. Shape it into a round disc about 3/4 inch thick and 5 1/2 inches in diameter. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes before proceeding.

To mix by hand: Place the flour, sugar, and salt in a medium bowl and blend well with a whisk. Add the cold butter pieces and toss until they are lightly coated with the flour. Use your fingertips, 2 knives, or a pastry blender to cut the butter into the flour until the mixture resembles breadcrumbs. If at any time during this process the butter softens and becomes warm, place the bowl in the freezer for 10 minutes before continuing. In a separate bowl, whisk together the yolks, vanilla, and 2 teaspoons of water. Add this to the dry ingredients and toss between your fingertips 20 to 30 times to evenly distribute the moisture. The dough will still look very crumbly, but if the mixture is squeezed in your hand, it should hold together. If not, add the remaining teaspoon of water and toss to blend. Turn the dough out of the bowl onto your work surface and knead it gently 5 or 6 times, just to finish bringing it together. Shape it into a round disc about 3/4 inch thick and 5 1/2 inches in diameter. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes before proceeding.

TO LINE THE TART PAN 
To roll out the dough: It is easiest to roll this dough when it is at cool room temperature. This means that if it has been refrigerated for longer than 30 minutes, let it sit on the counter for 10 to 15 minutes before rolling it out (if it is too cold, the dough will crack as you attempt to roll it).

Place the disc of dough between two 12 inch pieces of plastic wrap. Roll the dough into an 11-inch round as shown, rotating it clockwise slightly after each roll to create an even round. Remember to roll from the center outward and to lift the rolling pin at the edge rather than smashing the edge down. As you roll, the plastic wrap will wrinkle and resist. When this happens, peel it off and replace it smoothly, then flip the dough over and repeat with the plastic on the other side before you continue rolling. You may need to do this several times during the rolling process. (Experienced pastry makers may wish to roll the dough out on a lightly floured work surface, turning the dough as you roll and dusting the work surface and dough with extra flour as needed to keep it from sticking. Before transferring the dough to the tart pan, brush any excess flour from the surface, then flip it over and brush the flour from the bottom as well. Transfer the dough to the tart pan by rolling it around your rolling pin, then unrolling it into the pan.)

Transfer the dough to the tart pan by removing the top piece of plastic wrap. Leave the bottom piece on to hold the dough together while you lift it and flip it over into the tart pan (remaining plastic side should be up), centering it as best you can as shown. Remove the top layer of plastic wrap and press the dough into the corners of the pan using your fingertips. Patch any tears by simply pressing the dough together, then build the edge of the tart slightly above the rim of the pan by reinforcing each flute. To do this, press the index finger of one hand against the dough inside the curve of each flute to push the dough upward while at the same time pressing the dough from the outside of each flute with the thumb and index finger of your other hand in a pinching position. The dough should rise about 1/4 inch above the rim of the pan all the way around. Place the tart pan, uncovered, in the refrigerator for 1 hour or in the freezer for 30 minutes.

TO BAKE THE TART SHELL
To prebake the tart shell: Preheat the oven to 375°F. Position an oven rack in the lower third of the oven. Line the chilled tart shell with heavy-duty foil, pressing the foil firmly into the corners of the pan. Fill the pan with metal pie weights, dried beans, or rice. The center layer of weights may be thinner, but be sure to push the weights all the way up the sides of the pan to reduce shrinkage and to ensure the edges are straight.

To partially bake the shell: Bake for about 10 to 12 minutes, or until the edges and center are set and no longer stick to the foil when you try to remove it. Remove the foil and weights and return the pan to the oven for another 8 to 12 minutes, or until the crust is a pale tan color. Place on a rack to cool completely before filling the shell.

To fully bake the shell: Bake for about 20 to 22 minutes, or until the edges and center are set and no longer stick to the foil when you try to remove it. Remove the foil and weights and return the pan to the oven for another 8 to 12 minutes, or until the crust is golden brown all over. Place on a rack to cool completely before filling the shell.
