--- 
layout: recipe
title: Doodhi Chana Dal
ingredients: 
- squash
- chick peas
redirects: 
- /node/691
- /personal/recipes/dish/side-dishes/doodhi-chana-dal
dish: side dishes
tags: India
images:
- http://blinkandmiss.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/12/gobhi-subzi-1024x806.jpg
description: I had just come home from India and was invited to Thanksgiving dinner. Having just turned vegetarian, I decided to show off my commitment to a meat-free Thanksgiving and any culinary skills I may have inadvertantly picked up in India, so I made this dish. 
---

I had just come home from India and was invited to Thanksgiving dinner. Having just turned vegetarian, I decided to show off my commitment to a meat-free Thanksgiving and any culinary skills I may have inadvertantly picked up in India, so I made this dish. 

This is a typical dish from Gujarat and is a staple food for farmers in that region. There are many types of pumpkin, but the ones available in the Indian grocery stores are called "Iauki" or "doodhi." I made it with butternut squash to give it a fall/winter flavor. This dish is absolutely delicious eaten plain with chapattis.

1 pound pumpkin or winter squash
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 teaspoon black mustard seeds
pinch of asafoetida
1 teaspoon sugar
1 onion, sliced
2 1/2 cups dried chickpeas, soaked overnight and drained
3 tablespoons canned chopped tomatoes with juice
1 tablespoon red chile paste
2 teaspoons fresh grated ginger
2 garlic cloves mashed
1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric
salt, to taste
chopped fresh cilantro, to garnish

Peel the pumpkin or squash and cut into 2-inch cubes. Coat the cubes olive oil and sprinkle with salt. Roast the squash in an oven at 400ยบ for 30 minutes, or until the edges start to turn brown.

Heat the oil in a large heavy-bottomed pan and add the mustard seeds. When they start to "pop," add the asafoetida, sugar, and onion and cook until the onion browns slightly. Add the chickpeas and tomatoes, cover, and cook for about 10 minutes.

Add the chili paste, garlic, ginger, ground turmeric, squash, and 2/3 cup water, cover and cook for 5 to 7 minutes longer.

Serve hot with rice or bread.