--- 
layout: post
title: "Private: Being Accepted and Loved"
redirects: 
- /node/377
- /creative/private-being-accepted-and-loved
tags: 
- creative
- writing
- The Cock Cage
description: I was reading a review of "Bulgarian Lovers" and the reviewer pointed out that pretty much every gay movie has the same basic theme of "wanting to be accepted". I think I would extend that to "accepted and loved". So I thought about writing an anti-play around that theme. How do you push that so that it doesn't make sense anymore? Maybe not everyone should be accepted and loved? Maybe we should have some sort of discerning tastes?
---
I was reading a review of "Bulgarian Lovers" and the reviewer pointed out that pretty much every gay movie has the same basic theme of "wanting to be accepted". I think I would extend that to "accepted and loved". So I thought about writing an anti-play around that theme. How do you push that so that it doesn't make sense anymore? Maybe not everyone should be accepted and loved? Maybe we should have some sort of discerning tastes?

And then it occured to me that that is what I'm really trying to write with The Cock Cage. You can't accept everything. You can maybe love everything. And when you through yourself into a situation of accepting everything, perhaps you throw yourself in too deep.

On a separate note...

Yesterday, I was attending a reading of "An Uncertain Hour" and started brainstorming allusions. San Francisco, the city by the bay, drenched in fog. Where are its literary parallels? I thought perhaps The Old Man and the Sea or Moby Dick. God, I'd hate to have to read Moby Dick. Perhaps a better analogy is The Flying Dutchman. Yes, the leather master is from Amsterdam. He's the one looking for his mate.
<blockquote>According to <a title="Folklore" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Folklore">folklore</a>, the <strong>Flying Dutchman</strong> is a <a title="Ghost ship" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghost_ship">ghost ship</a> that can never go home, but must sail 'the seven seas' forever.</blockquote>

This goes along with my notion that San Francisco is not home.

<blockquote><strong>Bernard Fokke</strong> was a <a title="17th century" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/17th_century">17th century</a> Dutch <a title="Captain" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captain">captain</a> for the <a title="Dutch East India Company" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dutch_East_India_Company">Dutch East India Company</a>. He was renowned for the uncanny speed of his trips from <a title="Holland" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holland">Holland</a> to <a title="Java (island)" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_%28island%29">Java</a>. This caused speculation that he was in fact in league with the <a title="Devil" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Devil">devil</a> because of it.

This also caused many people to believe that he was the captain of the <a title="Flying Dutchman" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flying_Dutchman">Flying Dutchman</a>, a ghostly ship doomed to sail the seas forever.</blockquote>
<blockquote></blockquote>
