--- 
layout: post
title: Baby Plaything
redirects: 
- /node/364
- /personal/blog/lorenz/baby-plaything
tags: 
- Lorenz
description: It's a shame that most babies don't realize how entertaining they are. I'm in Minnesota taking care of my sister and her husband while they attend to the baby. The baby is just now starting to look at his surroundings. It's still firmly in the "cry, eat, and poop" phase. However, the baby has provided us with endless amusement.
---
It's a shame that most babies don't realize how entertaining they are. I'm in Minnesota taking care of my sister and her husband while they attend to the baby. The baby is just now starting to look at his surroundings. It's still firmly in the "cry, eat, and poop" phase. However, the baby has provided us with endless amusement.

Sis was telling us last night that our mom had created little business cards with a picture of him and his vitals. We expanded it into a playbaby centerfold. Lorenz's turn-ons include "exposed breasts" and his turn-offs are "sleeping in my own poop" and "the hiccups".

We are endlessly amused at listening to him burp, which he does quite freely, or an audible poop or, as Mark calls it, a rocket fart. I tried to imagine what it would be like to burp so freely or - god forbid - poop my pants with abandon. I can't imagine. Maybe Freud has something there...

I stare at him and wonder what it must be like to exclusively make vocal sounds describing what's going on with my gastro-intestinal system. Besides the crying, you know when a burp or a fart is coming from the facial gyrations that he goes through and his grunts and moans.
