--- 
layout: post
title: "It\xE2\x80\x99s the Most Mommie-less Time of the Year"
redirects: 
- /node/398
- /personal/blog/children/it-s-most-mommie-less-time-year
tags: 
- children
description: We live next to a children's nursery and it's that time of the year when school starts. Which means for the next week or two, from eight to eight-thirty, I listen to the sounds of inconsolable children crying for mommy from the neighbor's backyard. Their suffering is bottomless. Most of the time it's a constant moan or wailing. Every now and then, one of them does a "I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE" sound. It goes on for so long, I can't help but laugh. I don't find their suffering funny - I find their vehemence funny.
---
We live next to a children's nursery and it's that time of the year when school starts. Which means for the next week or two, from eight to eight-thirty, I listen to the sounds of inconsolable children crying for mommy from the neighbor's backyard. Their suffering is bottomless. Most of the time it's a constant moan or wailing. Every now and then, one of them does a "I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE" sound. It goes on for so long, I can't help but laugh. I don't find their suffering funny - I find their vehemence funny. Some of the people that work there are trying to get a game of "Duck Duck Goose" going or trying to teach the kids a song. I think some of the kids are totally fine saying goodbye to Mommy and Daddy, but they are outweighed by the loudly inconsolable right now.

<p>My favorite mourner was from a couple of years ago. There was a kid that, for two solid weeks, spent every morning for a half hour crying "I WANT MY MOMMY. I WANT MY MOMMY. I WANT MY MOMMY."</p>

<p>I mentioned something about the kids to the nun next door. Something like, "Boy, the kids sure don't like the first week."</p>
<p>She said, "The children get over it soon enough. The parents never get over it."</p>
<p>Ouch!</p>
