--- 
layout: post
title: A Passage to India
redirects: 
- /node/370
- /personal/blog/dreams/passage-india
tags: 
- dreams
description: I've been having a lot of dreams over the past several months that involve traveling to India. Last night, I had my most vivid dream yet about traveling there. It was broken up into three major sections. Each section was in full color and crystal clear accuracy. I even remember the feeling of touch at some parts of the dream.
---
I've been having a lot of dreams over the past several months that involve traveling to India. Last night, I had my most vivid dream yet about traveling there. It was broken up into three major sections. Each section was in full color and crystal clear accuracy. I even remember the feeling of touch at some parts of the dream.
The first section centered around buying property in India, although the location was a cross between Mexico and India. I was with Sara and another woman that I did not recognize. She knew Sara, but was more of a local guide. She was going to take us to a building that I was thinking about buying. We walked through a jungle to get there. The guide told us that there were some people that were bitten by the animals in the jungle and died. I suggested that we hurry up and get out of the jungle because it sounded dangerous and I could see the little animals scurrying around our path. Sara stopped to say that she wasn't worried and as she was talking, some thick tree vines came down over her head and started to wrap around her hair, pulling up. I reached over and grabbed the vines (I remember actually touching them) and entwined her hair. She then agreed that it was time to get out of the jungle. We went to go meet the people at the building that I was thinking about buying. They weren't much interested in me and held some resentment because they liked the previous landlord. I wished them well, understood that over time they would appreciate me, and let them be.

The next phase of the dream was clearly in India. I was with my family and we were wandering around. Sis had the guidebook and suggested we go to a park nearby that was somewhat secluded and had a meditation retreat in it. We found the retreat. It was beautiful green park with a terraced landscape. Scattered on the tiers were various people meditating, some were Buddhist monks and some were westerners. At the bottom of the park was a rectangular, stone pool of water about 10 feet deep. Also on the terraces were small clay pots with incense or with red powder. I saw and meditated. Someone in my family got lost and disoriented (it was getting dark and there was a lot of incense smoke and mist from the pool) and wandered into the pool creating a large splash. I came out of the meditation, helped the family member out of the pool and we left.

The next phase of the dream was with David. I believe that we were leaving where we were to go someplace interesting. We got in a car with a driver that we did not know who was going to take us to this place. We started driving through the jungle on a very bumpy and winding path. At some point, I started getting disoriented. It seemed as if the driver was driving without his lights on, but when I looked closely there was a light that we were heading towards. It felt as if we might be traveling through a tunnel of some sort. I was getting worried, but I trusted the driver and decided to relax and let him take us where we needed to go. He took us to his home first, to meet his family, before we went the rest of the way. We was a foreigner that had relocated from a western country. For some reason, David and I thought he was Dutch. He had a small daughter that we met and then his wife. The dream ended shortly after that.
