--- 
layout: post
title: The Birthday That Keeps on Giving
redirects: 
- /node/358
- /personal/blog/celebrations/birthday-keeps-giving
tags: 
- celebrations
description: It's about ten days after my birthday and today has somehow turned into my great birthday celebration. I got a package this morning from Sis. It had the following:	Two cookie presses	Chocolates from Japan	Japanese apricot liqueur	A book of dog treat recipes with three cookie cutters	A DVD about Blaxpolitation movies	A Desi Arnaz CDWhew! Pretty great.
---
It's about ten days after my birthday and today has somehow turned into my great birthday celebration. I got a package this morning from Sis. It had the following:
<ul>
	<li>Two cookie presses</li>
	<li>Chocolates from Japan</li>
	<li>Japanese apricot liqueur</li>
	<li>A book of dog treat recipes with three cookie cutters</li>
	<li>A DVD about Blaxpolitation movies</li>
	<li>A Desi Arnaz CD</li>
</ul>
Whew! Pretty great.

Then I met Sara in Union Square and we walked around to some second-hand stores looking at clothes and furniture. I predicted that fashion next year will be all about the Brokeback Mountain look - rugged suede coats with fleece lined collars. We wandered up to Little India for lunch and had some of the best Indian food I've had in a while. The place is called <a href="http://newyork.citysearch.com/profile/41750586/">Copper Chimney</a>. The chef came out to talk to us during lunch. And Sara said that lunch was on her - it was my birthday present because she couldn't find the original gift she had in mind.

So I came home and there was another package waiting for me: gift certificates at Barney's from Mom and Dad! Whoo-hoo!

Not bad for ten days after my birthday.
