--- 
layout: post
title: Hallelujah! Knees are fixed!
redirects: 
- /node/397
- /personal/blog/gogo/hallelujah-knees-are-fixed
tags: 
- Gogo
description: On Tuesday, it will have been six weeks since Gogo had her knee surgery. By the end of six weeks, the scar tissue is supposed to be in place and the majority of the healing is over. It was time to take her to the doctor to see if the latest surgery was successful.
---
On Tuesday, it will have been six weeks since Gogo had her knee surgery. By the end of six weeks, the scar tissue is supposed to be in place and the majority of the healing is over. It was time to take her to the doctor to see if the latest surgery was successful.

I couldn't help but let my mind wander to what we would do if it wasn't successful. This has been the second surgery on the same knee and Gogo's third knee surgery overall. The recovery is awful. I feel terrible for Gogo, I have to carry her up and down stairs, I have to watch her like a hawk, and Oz doesn't get all the long walks that he wants. David had said that if this surgery wasn't successful, he didn't want to try again. I definitely see where he's coming from, but it would have been a hard call for me to make - especially if we saw her condition worsen over time again.

So it was with great anxiety that I took Gogo to see her surgeon, Dr. Fusco today. Well, good news, he said that the position of the knee is perfect! Yeah!

He said that we could increase activity, but to be on the safe side, don't do anything outrageous for another six weeks. He checked both knees and they both felt great.

I can't tell you what a huge relief it was to hear. I feel like a humungous burden has been lifted.

Please, God, please let that be the end of poor Gogo's surgeries.
