--- 
layout: post
title: Real Estate Trevails
redirects: 
- /node/401
- /personal/blog/real-estate/real-estate-trevails
tags: 
- real estate
description: Well, good news and mixed news.On Wednesday, I closed on a condo in Memphis Tennessee. It's a property I found through the infamous Mr. Rosenberg. He's had friends snatching up real estate in a development for the past few years, so it was my turn to get a piece. It's managed by a company that we know and trust, so there's very little to do. And since it's so cheap, I paid all cash for it. I'll get a nice little check every month for it.
---
Well, good news and mixed news.

On Wednesday, I closed on a condo in Memphis Tennessee. It's a property I found through the infamous Mr. Rosenberg. He's had friends snatching up real estate in a development for the past few years, so it was my turn to get a piece. It's managed by a company that we know and trust, so there's very little to do. And since it's so cheap, I paid all cash for it. I'll get a nice little check every month for it.

I had other good news earlier this week. I saw a building in Park Slope, Brooklyn - before a listing agreement was even signed. It was on the nicest block out of the buildings that I had seen, was in the best condition, and was a 4-unit building instead of the typical 3-unit, and was rented out. The owner needed money to sell it to start building a hotel in Park Slope. It was significantly under-priced, and I jumped on it. Well, as most things that are too good to be true, it had a problem lurking under the surface. Once the lawyer started putting together the contract, we found that it was a "single room occupancy" building - not a 4 family. That's bad. It's very similar to having a rent controlled building. It's hard to get a mortgage for an SRO, and there's no guarantee that you could ever change the certificate of occupancy to a 4-family unit. If you could change it, then the sky's the limit, but it's not a gamble I'm willing to take right now. I decided that if the seller hid this from me when I saw it, that it's a sign to walk away from the deal.
So we're somewhat back to the drawing board. My broker took me to a place in the Fort Greene neighborhood of Brooklyn. We're preparing to put an offer in on it. The first floor is totally renovated and the top two floors are full of students from the Pratt Institute. The rent is good and Fort Greene is a great neighborhood. The students are apparently being difficult about letting prospective buyers into the top two units. Personally, I'm very happy that they're being difficult, because it scares other buyers away and doesn't really worry me all that much.
