--- 
layout: post
title: Charleston Performance Class
redirects: 
- /node/416
- /personal/blog/dancing/charleston-performance-class
tags: 
- dancing
- swing
description: I signed up for a Charleston Performance class taught by Evita Arce and Michael Jagger. It's eight weeks of classes. Each class is an hour and a half. There are two performance at the end of the class. Here's the flier:I had taken classes with Evita before and felt somewhat assured that I'd be able to keep up.
---
I signed up for a Charleston Performance class taught by Evita Arce and Michael Jagger. It's eight weeks of classes. Each class is an hour and a half. There are two performance at the end of the class. Here's the flier:I had taken classes with Evita before and felt somewhat assured that I'd be able to keep up. But no matter how much you think you're prepared, it's quite intimidating to think that you'll be performing in front of strangers in 8 The decision to go ahead really came down to the fact that this is going to get me in shape better than any aerobics class and it's going to be a hell of a lot more fun.

We made a significant amount of progress in the first class. Enough for me to realize that I'm not going to flat out embarrass myself when it comes to performance time.

And the music is fun. It's two pieces: the first is "I'll Build a Stairway to Paradise" performed by Rufus Wainright. The second is "Happy Feet" performed by The Manhattan Rhythm Kings.

Since we go through material very quickly, we're expected to write down the moves after class so that we don't forget. And it's amazing how quickly all of it leaves your head. So in the interest of putting this somewhere where I won't forget, I'm writing down the sequences in my blog. This is going to be absolutely meaningless for the general public, but if there are others in the class that want to compare notes, this is a handy resource.

<strong>Charleston Swing Out</strong>
<ol>
	<li>Heel Pop</li>
	<li>Right foot down, bring follow in</li>
	<li>Kick left</li>
	<li>Step left</li>
	<li>Touch Right</li>
	<li>Right Out</li>
	<li>Touch Right</li>
	<li>Down - prepare to heel pop again</li>
</ol>
<strong>Beginning of Solo Sequence</strong>
<ul>
	<li>Two Basics (our group starts on left)</li>
	<li>Two flaps</li>
	<li>Slide to left</li>
	<li>4 steps (turning) and ka-bam</li>
	<li>Toes (start out)</li>
	<li>Scarecrow (in out in)</li>
	<li>Pause pause pause</li>
	<li>Scarecrow (out in out)</li>
	<li>Pas de veux (start on right)</li>
	<li>Kick (left)</li>
	<li>Slide to left</li>
	<li>Rock step kick (right)</li>
	<li>Cross right foot in front, clap hands</li>
	<li>Suzie, suzie, suzie</li>
</ul>
