--- 
layout: post
title: "David Reich: Spoiler Alert"
redirects: 
- /node/421
- /personal/blog/television/david-reich-spoiler-alert
tags: 
- television
description: I am a late new-comer to Lost. I had downloaded it for David's iPod a while back because I thought he'd like it for travel. It took me a while to getting around to watching it myself (like until I got a video iPod, for starters). I started watching the show recently and really like it so far. I watched the pilot episode on a plane. I must say - that was therapeutic. Watching a show about a plane hitting really bad turbulence and splitting in two while you're on a plane and flying in turbulence was a new one on me.
---
I am a late new-comer to <a target="_blank" href="http://abc.go.com/primetime/lost/index">Lost</a>. I had downloaded it for David's iPod a while back because I thought he'd like it for travel. It took me a while to getting around to watching it myself (like until I got a video iPod, for starters). I started watching the show recently and really like it so far. I watched the pilot episode on a plane. I must say - that was therapeutic. Watching a show about a plane hitting really bad turbulence and splitting in two while you're on a plane and flying in turbulence was a new one on me. At one point, I was sucked into the show and watching a moment between two characters right before the crash. Our flight was smooth as well. Then our plane hit turbulence at the exact same moment the show's plane hit turbulence. I must admit...I made an audible noise.

Anyway...

The other day I commented that I couldn't figure out which one of the cast members was Michelle Rodriguez. David said that he didn't know who that was and I explained that I remembered reading news reports that Michelle Rodriguez had been pulled over for drunk driving while in Hawaii filming Lost.

At this point, David <strong>could</strong> have put two and two together and realized that there's a major plot point that I hadn't yet seen. Instead, he blurted out "Maybe she's one of the people from the back half of the plane". At which point it became really obvious that there's a major plot twist coming up involving a bunch of people previously thought dead.

Thanks a lot, David.

I immediately chastised him for revealing something I didn't want to know about future events and this was his brilliant response: "Well...there are lots of websites with plot spoilers on the web."

Yes. And I don't visit them.

I hope that we meet these characters soon, because now this is hanging over me as I watch episodes: when are we going to meet the people from the back half of the plane?

FYI - If you haven't seen Lost and you were expecting to watch it someday, you shouldn't have been reading this blog entry.
