--- 
layout: post
title: "Barney's: The Haul"
redirects: 
- /node/417
- /personal/blog/barneys/barney-s-haul
tags: 
- fashion
- shopping
images: 
- thumbnail: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3097/2297299902_260dbe2a4a_m.jpg
  fullsize: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3097/2297299902_bc6a542812_o.jpg
description: The Barney's Warehouse Sale ends in a couple of days. I decided this year to go at the end to make use of any last minute markdowns. In addition to the typically low prices of the warehouse sale, everything was marked down an additional 40%.
---
The Barney's Warehouse Sale ends in a couple of days. I decided this year to go at the end to make use of any last minute markdowns. In addition to the typically low prices of the warehouse sale, everything was marked down an additional 40%.

<!--break-->



<dl class="side-by-side">

  <dd>[flickr-photo:id=2297298998,size=m]</dd>

  <dd>I got two pants. One is a charcoal denim. The other is a distressed khaki. The khakis were only $23. How could I not get them? I'll turn them into shorts if I don't like them.</dd>

</dl>



<dl class="side-by-side">

  <dd>[flickr-photo:id=2297299176,size=m]</dd>

  <dd>This is a basic Barney's work shirt. It's blue and gray striped. Good for David or myself.</dd>

</dl>



<dl class="side-by-side">

  <dd>[flickr-photo:id=2297299284,size=m]</dd>

  <dd>This is a dark charcoal shirt with a hint of red and blue in thin stripes. Very good for a casual night on the town.</dd>

</dl>



<dl class="side-by-side">

  <dd>[flickr-photo:id=2297299370,size=m]</dd>

  <dd>This is a loud, Zegna sport shirt. The fabric is a very wrinkly cotton.</dd>

</dl>



<dl class="side-by-side">

  <dd>[flickr-photo:id=2296504391,size=m]</dd>

  <dd>This is a Michael Kors shirt that normally retails at $275! I got it for a hell of a lot less. The fabric is very sturdy. The craftsmanship is excellent.</dd>

</dl>



<dl class="side-by-side">

  <dd>[flickr-photo:id=2297299538,size=m]</dd>

  <dd>While I was inline, someone had set aside this Canali linen shirt. I grabbed it. The person behind me in line had his eye on it, so I had to get it before he did.</dd>

</dl>



<dl class="side-by-side">

  <dd>[flickr-photo:id=2296504585,size=m]</dd>

  <dd>When picking ties for David, I aim for one very safe choice, one choice that is a bit out of his comfort zone, and one tie that I will have a hard time talking him into wearing (but will get a ton of compliments). This is the safe choice.</dd>

</dl>



<dl class="side-by-side">

  <dd>[flickr-photo:id=2297299746,size=m]</dd>

  <dd>This is the choice just outside of the comfort zone.</dd>

</dl>



<dl class="side-by-side">

  <dd>[flickr-photo:id=2296504809,size=m]</dd>

  <dd>And this is the tie that will get a ton of compliments when I finally convince David to wear it.</dd>

</dl>



<dl class="side-by-side">

  <dd>[flickr-photo:id=2297299902,size=m]</dd>

  <dd>This was the most expensive item I bought. A gorgeous Paul Smith shirt. You have to zoom in to appreciate it.</dd>

</dl>



<dl class="side-by-side">

  <dd>[flickr-photo:id=2297299990,size=m]</dd>

  <dd>And to go with the shirt, I got this unbelievable tie.</dd>

</dl>



<dl class="side-by-side">

  <dd>[flickr-photo:id=2297300048,size=m]</dd>

  <dd>When I was first looking for ties, I was getting very discouraged. Then I found this tie buried on a rack. It has little blue Krishna's sewn in! I've told David that he can't wear this tie. It's MINE MINE MINE!</dd>

</dl>
