--- 
layout: post
title: Resolute
redirects: 
- /node/403
- /personal/blog/comic-books/resolute
tags: 
- comic books
- health
- diet
- consulting
description: I just looked at my blog page. My last entry was November 19th? Yikes!
---
I just looked at my blog page. My last entry was November 19th? Yikes!



New Year's has passed and I have made three resolutions for the new year, along with a bunch of minor ones. The big ones are:

<ol>

	<li>Get a comic book published</li>

	<li>Get more consulting work</li>

	<li>Get my weight down to 185</li>

</ol>

And one of the minor ones is: a blog entry a day. So here I am. Part of the "blog entry a day" resolution is understanding that blog entries don't have to be major revelations - just little notes about books read, movies, seen, etc. I think I got myself into a habit that every blog entry had to be a novella. Well - no more!



So for resolution, #1, I am a few pages away from finishing the lettering on my first comic book. It's a horror story with a  title that keeps changing. The current title is "The Four Last Things". The artist did an amazing job. And I've learned a lot by doing the lettering myself. There were times when I changed the dialog to fit both the panels better or to better match the flow and characterization. So once that is done, it's time to send it to publishers. Yikes. I am dreading that.



And I have a second comic book that is being penciled now. The artist is about a third of the way through it. So that one has a ways to go yet. It's more action/comedy and I suspect I'll have an easier time getting it published.



For resolution #2, I have a couple of strong leads for more work. I should really set some goals for myself in this category so I can track progress and make changes when things aren't going according to plan.



For resolution #3, this is going to be a tough one. I've been lifting weights a lot lately which means the scale has not budged. I've been getting compliments from people about looking better, so I should pay attention to the spirit of resolution #3 and not so much the actual weight. I think a big part of that one, though, is finding more outlets for aerobic activity. I go dancing which is fun and a great way to burn calories, but it's hard to find the time to go enough. We shall see.



What are other people's resolutions for the new year?
