--- 
layout: post
title: Seder at the Adelson / Kloepfer House
redirects: 
- /node/444
- /personal/blog/friends/seder-adelson-kloepfer-house
photoset: 72157604694083336
tags: 
- judaism
- friends
images: 
- thumbnail: http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2294/2437280376_4cfb68c663_m.jpg
  fullsize: http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2294/2437280376_4cfb68c663_b.jpg
description: My photography class got me out of the first night of passover. I made a stunning pistachio macaroon cake for David to take with him (more on that recipe another time). So, to be a good goyishe husband, I agreed to go to the second night of passover at our friends' Sara Adelson and Curtis Kloepfer. They have two sons, Jonathan and Joshua. I decided to bring along my new camera. I think I got some good shots in.
---
My photography class got me out of the first night of passover. I made a stunning pistachio macaroon cake for David to take with him (more on that recipe another time). 

So, to be a good goyishe husband, I agreed to go to the second night of passover at our friends' Sara Adelson and Curtis Kloepfer. They have two sons, Jonathan and Joshua. I decided to bring along my new camera. I think I got some good shots in. 

I was sitting next to Jonathan. He asked to see the photos and noticed that I had taken a lot of his brother and not many of him. I told him that it's easier to get a shot of Joshua because he sits still. It worked like a charm.

Eventually, the Wii won out and the kids ended up playing Lego Star Wars instead of finishing the seder.

<!-- [flickr-photoset:id=72157604694083336] -->
