--- 
layout: post
title: The Great Migration Begins!
redirects: 
- /node/445
- /personal/blog/technocrat/great-migration-begins
tags: 
- technology
description: How many years have I had my old site? I think it's been at least 8 years. It's been time for an overhaul for a while now, but the task was much bigger than I could have imagined. I did a quick page count of my site and found several hundred pages that had to be migrated. Some of them I could migrate automatically, but the vast majority would have to be ported over by hand.
---
How many years have I had my old site? I think it's been at least 8 years. It's been time for an overhaul for a while now, but the task was much bigger than I could have imagined. I did a quick page count of my site and found several hundred pages that had to be migrated. Some of them I could migrate automatically, but the vast majority would have to be ported over by hand.
<!--break-->

This was mainly due to the fact that I had significantly upgraded much of the technology. I wasn't just copy and pasting text over, I was moving pictures to my flickr account so that it easily went into an automated slide-show, I was re-tagging content, recipes were being put it into a database so that you could easily double or quadruple amounts, etc.

So not all of the content is over yet. Everything that was once under "blog" is moved over. In some cases, I enhanced the blog entry (especially where photos were involved). I've only moved over one recipe so far. My next goal is to finish moving over recipes.

And then on to everything under "photos" in my old site. Yuck. I'm not looking forward to that.

The benefit will be a new look and feel, the ability to add comments to any page, enhanced keyword tags, spam-blocking, cool new slide shows, forward-to-a-friend, search-engine-optimized pages, and eventually a section of business and creative work.

I hope you like the site! Let me know what you think or if you find a bug by leaving a comment.

