--- 
layout: post
title: "Photographic Lighting: Week 2"
redirects: 
- /node/623
- /personal/blog/photography/photographic-lighting-week-2
photoset: 72157607828740144
tags: 
- comic books
- NYC
- photography
- learning
images: 
- thumbnail: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3247/2922360115_6917ae6426_m.jpg
  fullsize: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3247/2922360115_6917ae6426_b.jpg
description: "The first review of my homework for my photography lighting class went well. He gave me a specific challenge: to photograph objects instead of people. I clearly enjoy photographing people and he wanted us to start working outside of our comfort zone."
---
The first review of my homework for my photography lighting class went well. He gave me a specific challenge: to photograph objects instead of people. I clearly enjoy photographing people and he wanted us to start working outside of our comfort zone. 
<!--break-->

I also decided that I wanted to focus on indoor lighting where I control the light source. There was a person in our class that had done a great series of photographs of a sweet potato under various lighting sources. I wanted to recreate that look.

In trying to decide what object to use, I thought I would try for organic objects. But I have to admit that I was feeling a little uninspired just photographing plain old objects. I wanted to pick an object that was going to be fun. So I went to a comic book store and looked for action figures. I found a Magneto doll that was highly posable. Then I bought a bunch of produce. I thought it would be fun to photograph Magneto relating to produce with stark lighting.

The photos came out pretty closely to what I had envisioned. We'll see how they go over in class.

<!-- [flickr-photoset:id=72157607828740144] -->
