--- 
layout: post
title: Waiting for the iPhone 3G
redirects: 
- /node/459
- /personal/blog/apple/waiting-iphone-3g
tags: 
- technology
- apple
images: 
- thumbnail: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3037/2628046248_53b418d020_m.jpg
  fullsize: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3037/2628046248_53b418d020_b.jpg
description: All in all, childhood is not something I want to experience all over again. I didn't like the general helplessness, lack of knowledge, the clashes with authority - and of course, the waiting. The endless waiting for...say, The Return of the Jedi to come out. I think I was in a 2-3 years depression as a small child knowing that Han Solo was frozen, Luke was missing a hand, and the Empire was still on the march. I don't think kids in general are good at waiting. Well now I get to relive all that waiting again. WILL THE IPHONE 3G JUST HURRY UP AND COME OUT ALREADY!?
---
All in all, childhood is not something I want to experience all over again. I didn't like the general helplessness, lack of knowledge, the clashes with authority - and of course, the waiting. The endless waiting for...say, The Return of the Jedi to come out. I think I was in a 2-3 years depression as a small child knowing that Han Solo was frozen, Luke was missing a hand, and the Empire was still on the march. I don't think kids in general are good at waiting. Well now I get to relive all that waiting again. 

WILL THE IPHONE 3G JUST HURRY UP AND COME OUT ALREADY!?

My friend Sara and I have made plans to stand in line at 7am on Friday morning at the AT&T store. We predict that this iPhone release won't be as much of a zoo as the first release. I don't know what we're basing that on. Maybe we just assume that the rest of the world isn't as superficial materialistic as the two of us.

My current phone is beautiful (It's an AT&T 8525). It's been my favorite phone by far and has been leaps and bounds ahead of most everyone else's phone. I've loved it - until they announced the iPhone 3G. Now every time I look at my current phone, I have this "oh, you again" response to it. There are plenty of glitches in Windows Mobile, the browser sucks, I can't sync reliably, and I reboot almost once a day. I can't wait to ditch it.

The real kicker is that I know that Apple is working my ultimate device: an iPhone that has a physical keyboard and 32GB. Once I get one of those, I can die a happy man. Every few days I tell myself that I should just wait until that one's ready. It's only 6 months to a year, right? But I can't wait. I'm helpless against wanting an iPhone. Every time I check email on my Windows Mobile phone, I think about how much easier it's all going to be on an iPhone. Then I settle it with the thought that I promised my current iPod to Rogrido when the new iPhone came out. Poor Rodrigo doesn't have any iPod, so it's really selfish of me to NOT get an iPhone and give him my hand-me-downs.

At the beginning of the week I thought that the time would fly by and that Friday would arrive sooner than I could expect. I was wrong. The week is dragging by. Is this why they say time flies when you're older? Because when you're a kid, you're trying to kill time waiting for the next shiny new thing to come out.

<!-- [flickr-photo:id=2628046248,s=s] -->
