--- 
layout: post
title: Does Liking Mika Make Me a 9 Year Old Girl?
redirects: 
- /node/465
- /personal/blog/music/does-liking-mika-make-me-9-year-old-girl
tags: 
- music
images: 
- thumbnail: http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1027/1078118832_5f9bf228e9_m.jpg
  fullsize: http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1027/1078118832_3f7bdca48b_o.jpg
description: My friend Claudio's 9-year-old daughter, Carmen, recently had a birthday party in New York City. I asked Sara if she had any information on something that might be appropriate to get her. Carmen likes Mamma Mia and Madonna. At first I thought I'd get her a Cyndi Lauper CD. Then I texted Jeff to see if he had any ideas.
---
My friend Claudio's 9-year-old daughter, Carmen, recently had a birthday party in New York City. I asked Sara if she had any information on something that might be appropriate to get her. Carmen likes Mamma Mia and Madonna. At first I thought I'd get her a Cyndi Lauper CD. Then I texted Jeff to see if he had any ideas. He was with a friend that recommended <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mika_(singer)" target="_blank">Mika</a>'s album <a href="http://www.amazon.com/Life-Cartoon-Motion-Mika/dp/B000NA2776/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1?ie=UTF8&s=music&qid=1217766359&sr=8-1" target="_blank">Life in Cartoon Motion</a>.

I checked it out on iTunes. Yes, it's appropriate for a 9 year old girl. A lot of the songs of bubble-gum pop, it's catchy, it's upbeat. And the album cover is beautiful. It was so enjoyable, I got it for myself as well. 

[flickr-photo:id=1078118832,size=m,class=center]

Apparently, I'm just a 9 year old girl at heart. Who cares...some of the songs on the album are too fun to worry about such things.

