--- 
layout: post
title: My First Body Scrub
redirects: 
- /node/448
- /personal/blog/beauty/my-first-body-scrub
tags: 
- beauty
- spa
description: This past week, I decided it was time for a spa visit. My friend Sara insists that I have been sorely lacking in my spa-attending duties, so it was high time I booked myself for an appointment. I had originally thought a massage and a waxing would be a good idea (Yes, yes, men can get waxed too. It really helps cool off for the summer.) I booked an appointment at Nickel (http://www.nickelspanyc.com), which is just a block away.
---
This past week, I decided it was time for a spa visit. My friend Sara insists that I have been sorely lacking in my spa-attending duties, so it was high time I booked myself for an appointment. I had originally thought a massage and a waxing would be a good idea (Yes, yes, men can get waxed too. It really helps cool off for the summer.) I booked an appointment at Nickel (http://www.nickelspanyc.com), which is just a block away. 

The day before the appointment, I decided I really didn't want a waxing. So I decided to try something different, I got a massage followed by a body scrub. I didn't know what to expect and decided to be surprised, rather than ask anyone what it was like. 

The massage was great. It was with a masseur that I had not had before. His name was Omar and he was gargantuan. I had signed up for a sports massage, so I expected him to really work any tension out of my muscles. Mission accomplished.

He did the body scrub as well. He started by putting warm, wet hand towels over my front (I was lying down). Then he poured warm water over the towels. One by one he took the towels away and scrubbed the skin with a loufah. The only area of my skin that was a bit sensitive to the scrubbing was my lower legs. I had a brief moment when he started scrubbing my sides that I was going to break out in ticklishness, but I held my composure. After he did the front, I flipped over and he did the same thing to my back half. At the end, I was covered with soapy water. He showed me my robe, a clean towel, sandals, and pointed me to the shower down the hall.

The treatment is certainly not for people that are drip-phobic. There was water being poured all over the place. A was a big sudsy mess by the end of it. There's something very child-like to having someone scrub you while you just lay there.

Yes, my skin was soft and smooth afterwards. I would definitely sign up for another one.
