--- 
layout: post
title: The Wrong Losers
redirects: 
- /node/507
- /personal/blog/project-runway/wrong-losers
tags: 
- Project Runway
images: 
- thumbnail: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3117/2458030826_27942ecf9a_m.jpg
  fullsize: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3117/2458030826_27942ecf9a.jpg
description: What is going on with the judges for this season of Project Runway? This is the second week in a row where they sent the wrong person home. 
---
What is going on with the judges for this season of Project Runway? This is the second week in a row where they sent the wrong person home. 



Last week they sent Emily home with her "colorfully exploding breasts" dress. I understand that it wasn't great, but I thought Keith's dress was hideous - no shape, no skill in execution, no real design. And Emily said as much during her exit interview. She knew that her dress was not the real losing dress.



Then this week they sent Kelly home. How can that be? I agree, the outfit was awful. But Blayne's was just as bad and he had a terrible attitude. Every week I think that his 15 minutes of fame are over and he manages to squeak by again. I hope he doesn't end up being the one that clearly doesn't deserve to be in the final three but somehow ends up there anyway.



I've noticed that you can survive a bad week by mouthing off to the judges. Santino got through a couple of challenges that he clearly lost by refusing to admit that there was anything wrong with his outfit. Blayne squeaked by using the same technique.



I think we've entered the phase of the competition where the people that may have wowed me in the first couple of episodes are not able to keep up. And I feel like I have several designers now that I would happily see go.
