--- 
layout: post
title: Photos from Class 2
redirects: 
- /node/504
- /personal/blog/nyc/photos-class-2
photoset: 72157605986970328
tags: 
- NYC
- photography
images: 
- thumbnail: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3272/2638309407_727970261f_m.jpg
  fullsize: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3272/2638309407_727970261f_b.jpg
description: Here are photos from our second photo walk. This walk was done in and around Bryant Park. The clouds were wreaking havoc with our settings, so we had to be nimble - and many of my photos came out too dark. 
---
Here are photos from our second photo walk. This walk was done in and around Bryant Park. The clouds were wreaking havoc with our settings, so we had to be nimble - and many of my photos came out too dark. 



We spent a lot of time working on portraiture in real light situations. Emmanuel showed us various lighting techniques, such as using a reflector. We also experimented with using slow shutter speeds around a fast moving subject for effect.



After the formal part of our class, we were given time to wander around the park and take candid shots. That is not an easy task. I'm not very fast with the camera yet, and people get very uncomfortable if they see you staring a camera at them for a good 30 seconds. A lot of us developed a technique in which we would aim the camera just to the side of the subject, get the settings right, and then quickly point at the subject and take the shot. 



I was very happy with a lot of these photos. I even caught a picture of Tom Sproat smiling! That's more rare than any National Geographic nature shot.



<!-- [flickr-photoset:id=72157605986970328] -->
