--- 
layout: post
title: "I\xE2\x80\x99m Not as Much Into You As You Are To Me"
redirects: 
- /node/437
- /personal/blog/politics/i-m-not-much-you-you-are-me
tags: 
- politics
description: I wish I had started keeping track of all the calls I've been getting from political candidates lately. It was at least five calls yesterday. They've all been democratic candidates. It makes me wish I had signed up as a republican, so I could have compared the average republican call to the average democratic call. Although, now that I think of it, why bother. They're all going to be the same.
---
I wish I had started keeping track of all the calls I've been getting from political candidates lately. It was at least five calls yesterday. They've all been democratic candidates. It makes me wish I had signed up as a republican, so I could have compared the average republican call to the average democratic call. Although, now that I think of it, why bother. They're all going to be the same.
<!--break-->

The Clinton calls go like this:
<blockquote>This is Hillary Clinton. In my XX years of EXPERIENCE bringing about CHANGE blah-blah-blah CHANGE blah-blah EXPERIENCE.</blockquote>
The Obama calls go like this:
<blockquote>This is Barak Obama. On February 4th, vote for HOPE and CHANGE blah-blah-blah HOPE blah-blah CHANGE</blockquote>
It really seems aggressively anti-substantive. I guess it's foolish to expect that they could say something of value in a 1 minute recorded voice message. But if they aren't going to say anything actually relevant or important, why bother me?

The whole thing is making me feel very...used. And creeped out.

I got an email from Obama yesterday that was titled: "One Last Thing..." Did he not get his message in the previous 2 emails he sent me that day? He starting to sound like someone that can't end a telephone conversation for fear I'll never call back.

I wish political candidates realized that they should be following dating rules. When you're in that initial dating phase and you aren't sure if you're going to go all the way, you would NEVER call someone that twice in one day! That would sound way too desperate and needy. I would have been happy to have a call on Friday from the candidates that went something like: "Hey. It's been great getting to know you. I hope we can continue our relationship. Have a great weekend. Call me if your bored." And then nothing until primary day.

They should let me have some time to sit and think about it, chat with friends at Sunday brunch, etc. The soonest they should call would be the eve of the primaries with a "Happy Primary Day. I've been thinking about you a lot lately. I hope you had a good weekend. Think of me at the polls."

The candidates have crossed over from courting me into stalking me. At this point, I'm looking for anyone that knows how to not sound desperate.
