--- 
layout: post
title: Some changes to the site...
redirects: 
- /node/471
- /personal/blog/technology/some-changes-site
tags: 
- website
- technology
description: I've been steadily making changes to the site. This weekend I had some time to really go to town. It seems like I really didn't do all that much - I don't know where the time goes when I program. I suppose it's because I use my own site as a test ground for changes, so when I work on something, I may spend hours going down a path that I realize was not the right way to go. I chalk it all up to learning experiences.
---
I've been steadily making changes to the site. This weekend I had some time to really go to town. It seems like I really didn't do all that much - I don't know where the time goes when I program. I suppose it's because I use my own site as a test ground for changes, so when I work on something, I may spend hours going down a path that I realize was not the right way to go. I chalk it all up to learning experiences.
<!--break-->

Anyway, here's the list of recent additions:
<ul>
<li>Add a twitter feed. This makes it easy for me to send little snippets about my day to the site.
<li>Add a search box to every page.
<li>Changed the definitions for recipes so I can more easily migrate content from my old site over.
<li>Added boxes on the right for "Recipes by Dish" and "Recipes by Ingredient".
<li>Added a "similar posts" box.
<li>Cleaned up some layout and display issues.
<li>Optimized the URLs for search engines
<li>Installed sitemaps and submitted them to the major search engines
</ul>

Now that I wrote that all down, it does some like a lot for one weekend.
