--- 
layout: post
title: A Hammerlock Swing Dance Move with Neat-o Exit
redirects: 
- /node/673
- /personal/blog/swing/some-hammerlock-swing-dance-moves
tags: 
- swing
- dancing
description: I've been meaning to write down some of the new dance moves I learn in private class so that I don't forget them. And what better place than a blog for others that might be curious?The past couple of private lessons have been dedicated to hammerlock positions. While they look incredibly twisty and complicated, it turns out that they're really easy.The first one I learned starts with a tuck-turn on the leader's right side. At the end of the tuck, you give the partner a good spin, hold onto the hands, and put them into a hammerlock.
---
I've been meaning to write down some of the new dance moves I learn in private class so that I don't forget them. And what better place than a blog for others that might be curious?

The past couple of private lessons have been dedicated to hammerlock positions. While they look incredibly twisty and complicated, it turns out that they're really easy.

The first one I learned starts with a tuck-turn on the leader's right side. At the end of the tuck, you give the partner a good spin, hold onto the hands, and put them into a hammerlock. It helps if you use your right hand on your partner's hip to guide them. Instead of rock-stepping backward, rock-step forward. Then spin them back around into a cuddle position. 

From there, Nathan taught me a fun move to get out of it. It's an 8 count move to make it easier on the follower. You rock-step backward and go forward for the first triple. Give the follower a little notice with your arms that something is about to happen. Then on the step-step, create a tunnel with your right arm (which is behind your partner) and lean at the hips and don't go back with the follower. They will get the signal and shoot behind you. At this point, you should still be hold hands and they will be totally criss-crossed. Go with it. Lead a tuck turn and don't let go of the hands. At the end of the tuck turn, you will be magically correct.

Damn. Now I can't remember the other hammer-lock move that Nathan taught me. Well, stay tuned and I'll write it down from tonight's refresher course.
