--- 
layout: post
title: West Village CSA - Week 2
redirects: 
- /node/662
- /personal/blog/food/west-village-csa-week-2
tags: 
- NYC
- food
description: "I figure I'll get bored of posting the weekly CSA haul, but when I was looking for a CSA, I couldn't find any information about what was in the CSA from week to week. So maybe these posts will help someone else. Also, so far I've had something every week that I have never seen before in my life. So there's some food education going on here as well.\r\rHere's the note from the CSA about this week's produce:"
---
I figure I'll get bored of posting the weekly CSA haul, but when I was looking for a CSA, I couldn't find any information about what was in the CSA from week to week. So maybe these posts will help someone else. Also, so far I've had something every week that I have never seen before in my life. So there's some food education going on here as well.

Here's the note from the CSA about this week's produce:

<blockquote>

Among the top favorite vegetables that members look forward to receiving each year are Garlic Scapes. They are the long, curly tailed seed head that emerges from the garlic plant early in the season.

The scape will develop seed if left but the seeds are small and take years of planting and re-planting to deliver any sizable garlic bulbs. The preferred method of propagating garlic is each year to save the best bulbs which are broken apart into individual cloves and planted in October. Each clove will yield a garlic bulb the next July. The scapes are removed when they start to curl and the energy that would go into producing seed goes to the garlic bulb. 

The scapes have a delicious garlic flavor. Garlic scape pesto is a member favorite. Remove the very end of the scape and the rest of the scape can be used. Look to some of the CSA websites that are listed on the farm website under a previous blog for recipe ideas. There are also more photos of the garlic plants in the Photos section of the farm website. 

Enjoy the vegetables-Deborah for everyone at Stoneledge Farm
 
Garlic Scapes-6
Red Leaf Lettuce-1 head
Buttercrunch Green Leaf Lettuce-1 head
Bok Choi-2 heads
Mizuna-1 bunch
Summer Spinach-1 bunch-this spinach is a little more resilient than the spinach you may be familiar with. Most varieties of spinach will bolt or send out a seed head early in the season. Summer Spinach will last right into the summer. It has a larger leaf, spinach flavor. 
Mustard Greens-1 bunch 
Lemon Balm-1 bunch-lemony mint flavor. Good in tea. 

</blockquote>

I'm most excited about the Buttercrunch Green Leaf Lettuce which looked extra creamy delicious.

I usually munch a bit on everything as I put it in the fridge. The garlic scape packs quite a bunch.
