--- 
layout: post
title: New Year Resolutions
redirects: 
- /node/646
- /personal/blog/learning/new-year-resolutions
tags: 
- learning
description: It's time for New Year's Resolutions! I usually don't do New Year's resolutions - I do vacation resolutions. It's on a trip that my head clears and I have some time to think about what I'd like to change in my life. This year, though, for some reason, I have a ton of New Year's resolutions. And I have to admit, I'm pretty excited by them.1. Be narcissistic.
---
It's time for New Year's Resolutions! I usually don't do New Year's resolutions - I do vacation resolutions. It's on a trip that my head clears and I have some time to think about what I'd like to change in my life. This year, though, for some reason, I have a ton of New Year's resolutions. And I have to admit, I'm pretty excited by them.

<strong>1. Be narcissistic.</strong>
I originally twittered this as a joke. But I followed it for a couple of weeks, and I realized how much I needle myself with negative comments and discredited myself. I need a regular, healthy dose of self-love. Like an internal cheerleader. In theory, if I follow this one to its fullest, I can forget all other resolutions.

<strong>2. Cook more dinners at home</strong>
David specifically requested this one. I made a great Mexican vegetarian dinner and it was like the old days when I would have a nice home-cooked meal most nights. I don't know how I got so far off the path of home-cooked meals. 

I think one of the hardest things for me is coming up with ideas for dinner, and then getting the shopping done in time. So I've developed a plan of coming up with a rotating one-month menu. On Friday night, I'll put together the grocery list for next week's food. That way, I don't have to think about what the individual dinners are - I just follow the monthly plan. The plan can always change - but it helps if there's a plan to start with. That also helps me make sure I'm not repeating foods too frequently.

<strong>3. Spend some time at The Tibet House</strong>
I really think group meditation could be a really good thing. And it's something to get me out of the house. I've talked about doing this for years - and I actually went there with my friend Sara once. The place is beautiful and the people were as friendly as could be. I think a regular dose of group meditation is the sort of thing that would help me stick with all of the other resolutions. And help me not be so crabby.

<strong>4. Do photo shoots around the city</strong>
Specifically: start reading Time Out New York for odd things around the city, go to the events, and take photos. The Brooklyn Cop had told me a story about a Santa Claus Pub Crawl where there were hundreds of people dressed in Santa costumes crossing the Brooklyn Bridge. Why was I not there taking pictures? I have no idea where any of this would lead, but it would be fun and make me a better photographer. And if I could sell some of the photos someday, that would be great.

<strong>5. Write at least one play - preferably two.</strong>
The candidates are "Gay Men Behaving Badly" and "Randy & Sheila's Guide to Extramarital Relationships".

<strong>6. Swim at least once a week</strong>
No explanation necessary here. I love swimming. It's good exercise. I have time for it. It's a no-brainer.

<strong>7. Get over my fear of social swing dancing</strong>
It's time to just bite the bullet and start going to Tuesday night dance practice and Frim Fram on Thursday nights. No ifs ands or buts. Once again, it's good exercise, it's fun. No brainer.

<strong>8. Take Tai Chi lessons</strong>
We're starting to get into the dregs of resolutions. I doubt this one will happen - but it's definitely something I'd like to do.

Strangely, I have no tech aspirations.

There's a lot more there than I thought. It's all do-able - and if I were to accomplish all of that, I would be the happiest boy in the world. 
