--- 
layout: post
title: Quince Branches
redirects: 
- /node/679
- /personal/house/kitchen/quince-branches
photoset: 72157623276289445
tags: 
- kitchen
- house
images: 
- thumbnail: http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2488/4345808101_2440d65074_m.jpg
  fullsize: http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2488/4345808101_2440d65074_b.jpg
description: For David's 50th, our good friends Maria & Michael sent us some quince branches. I had never heard of keeping quince branches as a cut flower, but they have turned out to be beautiful.At first I was a bit intimidated by the size. There were about 5-6 branches and they were 6 feet tall. We didn't have a vase big enough to hold them. I went to our local high-end florist who got us a vase and cut the ends for us - both cutting off the tips and splitting the bottoms to help them absorb water.
---
For David's 50th, our good friends Maria & Michael sent us some quince branches. I had never heard of keeping quince branches as a cut flower, but they have turned out to be beautiful.

At first I was a bit intimidated by the size. There were about 5-6 branches and they were 6 feet tall. We didn't have a vase big enough to hold them. I went to our local high-end florist who got us a vase and cut the ends for us - both cutting off the tips and splitting the bottoms to help them absorb water. 

Yesterday they started blooming all over. I took some pictures of them in the light of the snowstorm. 

Supposedly they will last until spring. I'm so impressed with them that I will have to add them to my list of great gifts to deliver to people.

<!-- [flickr-photoset:id=72157623276289445] -->
