--- 
layout: post
title: Got Problems, Baby?
redirects: 
- /node/677
- /personal/blog/music/got-problems-baby
tags: 
- music
images: 
- thumbnail: http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4034/4269247696_ec41d1b30c_m.jpg
  fullsize: http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4034/4269247696_80cce65c77_o.jpg
description: If you skipped my other CD mixes, fine. This is the one to download. One night I dragged Benji to see Coffy at the Film Forum - not really knowing what to expect. I was transfixed. It was hard-core, it was sexy, it was righteous revenge, it was ... Pam Grier. She's a better vigilante than Batman. If you haven't seen Coffy or Foxy Brown, you really should. I can honestly say that my sense of entertainment was altered when I saw Coffy.
---
If you skipped my other CD mixes, fine. This is the one to download. One night I dragged Benji to see Coffy at the Film Forum - not really knowing what to expect. I was transfixed. It was hard-core, it was sexy, it was righteous revenge, it was ... Pam Grier. She's a better vigilante than Batman. If you haven't seen Coffy or Foxy Brown, you really should. I can honestly say that my sense of entertainment was altered when I saw Coffy.

<!--break-->

Listening to these clips recently, I don't think people today would be able to make these movies. In fact, I was really excited when I heard Quentin Tarantino was making Jackie Brown. However, it was unbelievably tame compared to her early films. There's a thirst for justice and revenge pumping through her original films. 

And besides the films, the music is incredible. I really don't even want to bother trying to explain why it's so great. Just listen to it.

So consider this mix a primer course in blaxploitation films. There are two discs. The highlight is track 9 on the second disc - transitioning from Marlena Shaw into one of my favorite clips from Coffy and then into "Treat Her Like a Lady". It scratches an itch I didn't know I had.

This music doesn't work well out of context. It's meant to be listened form start to finish - not randomly. And be sure that the files are marked for gapless playback. There are lots of fade ins and fade outs that don't work if there's a gap in playback.

<div class="download-box">

  <div class="icon">
    <a href="http://2b773ec1c1a7a21725be-f042e4ec0cd2ddccbe5a5ca73308a473.r39.cf1.rackcdn.com/Got%20Problems%20Baby%20Part%201.zip" target="_blank"></a>
  </div>

  <div class="title">
    <a href="http://2b773ec1c1a7a21725be-f042e4ec0cd2ddccbe5a5ca73308a473.r39.cf1.rackcdn.com/Got%20Problems%20Baby%20Part%201.zip" target="_blank">Download "Got Problems, Baby? - Disc 1"</a>
  </div>

  <div class="details">
    80.6MB
  </div>

</div>

<div class="download-box">

  <div class="icon">
    <a href="http://2b773ec1c1a7a21725be-f042e4ec0cd2ddccbe5a5ca73308a473.r39.cf1.rackcdn.com/Got%20Problems%20Baby%20Part%202.zip" target="_blank"></a>
  </div>

  <div class="title">
    <a href="http://2b773ec1c1a7a21725be-f042e4ec0cd2ddccbe5a5ca73308a473.r39.cf1.rackcdn.com/Got%20Problems%20Baby%20Part%202.zip" target="_blank">Download "Got Problems, Baby? - Disc 2"</a>
  </div>

  <div class="details">
    83.5MB
  </div>

</div>
