--- 
layout: post
title: I've Got Kitsch in My Heart
redirects: 
- /node/676
- /personal/blog/music/ive-got-kitsch-my-heart
tags: 
- music
images: 
- thumbnail: http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4003/4268504359_5053006653_m.jpg
  fullsize: http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4003/4268504359_cd7819dcee_o.jpg
description: This was my second attempt at making a CD mix. I really felt like I hit my stride on this one. I borrowed lots of film clips "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls" and "Blood Sucking Freaks". And the music is a bit more focused - clearly hitting more of the late 60's and 70's psychedelia.
---
This was my second attempt at making a CD mix. I really felt like I hit my stride on this one. I borrowed lots of film clips "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls" and "Blood Sucking Freaks". And the music is a bit more focused - clearly hitting more of the late 60's and 70's psychedelia.

Once upon a time, I had plans for a third one "I See Kitsch With My Third Eye" that would focus primarily on Bollywood music from the 60's and 70's. We'll see if that ever materializes.

Like my other mixes, this music doesn't work well out of context. It's meant to be listened form start to finish - not randomly. And be sure that the files are marked for gapless playback. There are lots of fade ins and fade outs that don't work if there's a gap in playback.

<div class="download-box">

  <div class="icon">
    <a href="http://2b773ec1c1a7a21725be-f042e4ec0cd2ddccbe5a5ca73308a473.r39.cf1.rackcdn.com/I've%20Got%20Kitsch%20in%20My%20Heart.zip" target="_blank"></a>
  </div>

  <div class="title">
    <a href="http://2b773ec1c1a7a21725be-f042e4ec0cd2ddccbe5a5ca73308a473.r39.cf1.rackcdn.com/I've%20Got%20Kitsch%20in%20My%20Heart.zip" target="_blank">Download "I've Got Kitsch in My Heart"</a>
  </div>

  <div class="details">
    82.2MB
  </div>

</div>
